All Contents Copyright © 2002 - 2018 BAKERY EQUIPMENT.COM INC. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of BAKERY EQUIPMENT.COM INC. is prohibited.
Financial hardships happen to good people everyday, and the stress can easily take a toll on your productivity and overall wellbeing. With that being said, always remember that you have a choice to turn this trend around by making a firm decision to watch your money closer. You may be able to make these changes… Continue reading How To Overcome Your Personal Struggles With Money
January 22, 2018 January 22, 2018 Posted in Accounting, Bookkeeping, Cloud accounting, Entrepreneurship, Finances, Personal finance, Small Business Owners, XeroLeave a comment
Here at Balance, people have been asking which cloud-accounting software offers the best value for small businesses. Xero is the new and easy-to-use cloud-based accounting software that offers the same services as Quickbooks and more. Developed in 2006, this New Zealand based company burst onto the scene two years after Quickbooks, employing over 1,800 people… Continue reading Why Xero is Surpassing Quickbooks
December 25, 2017 December 27, 2017 Posted in Bookkeeping, Cloud accounting, Entrepreneurship, Finances, Small Business OwnersLeave a comment
What is the cloud? Cloud accounting is the practice of storing accounting data on remote online servers. The cloud is the future of data storage, creating limitless possibilities for bookkeepers and accountants. The benefits of cloud based accounting softwares like Quickbooks, Xero and Fresh books give your clients the peace of mind that comes with… Continue reading 5 Benefits of Cloud Based Accounting
December 1, 2017 December 1, 2017 Posted in Bookkeeping, Entrepreneurship, Finances, Small Business Owners1 Comment
When you started out, you may have had the time to manage all aspects of your business. As the business takes on its own identity, you may feel the need to delegate some tasks to manage time more efficiently. When you get to this point as a business owner, a bookkeeper is great to have… Continue reading 6 Reasons You Should Hire A Bookkeeper
History Bitcoin is the first and only decentralized form of currency. People like Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan and Tidjane Thiam, have used the terms “fraud” and “bubble” to describe bitcoin. If you’re not familiar with how it’s obtained and why the thought of it is so speculative, we’re here to share some facts about… Continue reading Bitcoin: The Future of Cryptocurrency
Small businesses are more susceptible to fraud considering the lack of internal controls processes implemented. Considering that bookkeeping deals with the most important asset of all, your money, you should be very cautious when choosing who will manage it for you. Unfortunately, many small to medium business owners feel the lack of trust or thereof in… Continue reading Can I Trust My Bookkeeper?
Dockers or casual trousers also look great when teamed with a pair of Valentino Stivali wedge heeled sneakers as do tennis skirts. Dresses and tennis skirts are cute, look gorgeous on a summer day, and are absolutely the best way to show off your welltoned legs. Spike Lee, teamed up with Nike and Michael in the late 80's to promote Air Jordans. Although the commercials were quite entertaining, the marketing of Air Jordans at that time was not really needed.
A new pair of insoles may also fix this problem. I recommend new insoles anyway because the default insoles come out way to easily and stick to my feet every time I take the shoes off after wearing them without socks. OESH means shoe inside out and backward (cute!) Anyway, they don't look like they'd have enough cushion but for some reason they work. I now do zumba 5 days a week with no pain for the first time in years. Valentino Saldi
She's poised to be the first woman in the Senate's toptier leadership. And she's outgrown her image as the ultimate underdog, if not the mom in storied footwear. The most important thing to know before you buy a pair of sneakers is your foot type, explains John Connors, DPM, a New York Citybased sports podiatrist and a competitive runner. Basically, there are three different types: flat arch, normal arch, and high arch.
And here's the key is that more and more people are running. And they're running races last year marathon hers alone were up 11%. According to the Arthritis Foundation, flat, flexible walking shoes create less knee stress than stability shoes, such as clogs and sneakers. Move your foot to the front of the shoe and insert an index finger behind the heel; if there is just enough room for your finger, the shoe fits correctly.
Kyoto is more a traditional city with beautiful natural scenery and incredible traditional Japanese buildings and structures. You have a Stssy and a BAPE, but apart from that you have typical small shoe stores. Fashion comes at the base, and safety and comfort tops the requirement list. There are many sporting activities in the area of track and field and so are the different requirements and functions of the shoes.
These are one of the most comfortable walking shoes flat feet. Similar to the popularity of their male version, Brooks Addiction Walker shoes are popular among female walking enthusiasts as well. For example, a foot model one photo may show a closeup of the sport campaign with the model wearing a certain sneaker or athletic shoe. The other photo may show a bare image of the foot as an ad for healthy, smooth feet.
As the cartilage deteriorates, exposed bones rub against each other so that http://www.valentinosaldi.it/ the joint no longer functions in a smooth movement. Osteoarthritis may cause pain and limping when walking and climbing up and down stairs. Walking is a lowimpact, effective exercise option that requires minimal investment. Wearing improper shoes during walking, however, can lead to injury and discomfort.
Actually they had this promotion outside of the store where i bought my converse. They would paint your chucks for free. This option works especially well if the shower cap is colored. Adorn Valentino Stivali Saldi your neck with a pair of silk pantyhose tied like a winter scarf, and cut a pair of socks into a pair of long, fingerless gloves.
Travel Accessory Stuff: great pdf pattern for a diaper bag ~ pattern sold long ago but great inspiration for new bags
ARHIVA Select Month October 2018 September 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 February 2017 January 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 January 2016 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010
GEMS applicants must be currently enrolled in a doctoral program in a science or engineering department at MIT. HST students are not eligible. It is expected that most applicants will be in the first three years of their graduate studies, but more senior students with appropriate research interests will also be considered.
The selection process consists of a review of the application materials and an interview. Selection is based on:
quality of prior research and the candidate's ability to articulate salient aspects of this research;
Please join co-directors Prof. Martha Gray and Prof. Elazer Edelman for a program information session on Wednesday, October 10 from 12-1pm in E25-401.
Copy of your original MIT PhD Application (Contact your department graduate administrator for your MIT application. Request to have your application sent to Dominique Altarejos at dom_alta@mit.edu.)
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. hsux.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. If you see something illegal, please, email us and we will remove it ASAP. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parts. We have no control over the content of these pages, all materials are added automatically.
BA/BSC or MA/Msc in applied Geography, GIS & Remote sensing At Least 7/6 years professional or related work experience
At least 8 years professional working experience for MA or 10 years for BA preferably with experience in the areas of internationally financed development programs.
At least 3 years experience with work related to planning and procurement activities related to world Bank procedures
MSC/BSC in computer science at least 2 years professional working experience for MSC or 4 years for BSC
At least 6 years professional working experience for MA or 8 years for BA preferably with experience in the area of internationally financed development programs
At least 2 years experience with work related to planning and procurement activities related to world Bank procedures
At least MA/BA degree in accounting from a recognized university, 6/8 years of practical experience in financial management and accounting position
“Sufficient experience in the area of project financial management specifically projects financed by external donors and Government accounting and reporting system
At least 6 years professional working experience for BA or 4 years for MA in accounting & related fields
Sufficient experience in area of internal Audit, specially in projects financed by external donors and Government accounting and reporting system
This is a preview of VOCEA SÂNGELUI . Read the full post (2599 words, 6 images, estimated 10:24 mins reading time)
28 November, 2016 was 37 anniversary of that biggest peacetime disaster to hit New Zealand on 28 November, 1979. But why have we forgotten all of them. In fact I found the shrine of the DC crew of the disaster, accidently. And as mooted, there is no monument to honour those 237 passengers who perished with the 20 crew.
As a part-time school bus driver, you have the fringe-benefit and privilege to see many parts of Auckland that a normal mortal Aucklander does not get to see. Hence one day, after dropping my school charter at Butterfly Creek on Tom Pearce Drive near Auckland Airport, as usual, I proceeded on my habitual walk. I went along that street past Z service station, and roundabout towards aircraft viewing site, towards Puhinui Rd, facing Manukau. Something like a plaque caught my eyes, and I went down to have a look on a hidden slope of Tom Pearce Drive. I read, and was shocked to see it was a plaque in memory of crew of DC 10.
The plaque in memory of DC 10 Crew who perished in the disaster. But there is no monument to remember the 237 passengers who died in the disaster.
What a shame. I am sure many journalists and those reading this may have never have seen this. Please try to take time out to see the nondescript plaque in memory of crew of those who perished in flight TE 901.
Air New Zealand Flight 901 (TE-901) was a scheduled Air New Zealand Antarctic sightseeing flight that operated between 1977 and 1979. The flight would leave Auckland Airport in the morning and spend a few hours flying over the Antarctic continent, before returning to Auckland in the evening via Christchurch.
On 28 November 1979, the fourteenth flight of TE-901, a McDonnell Douglas DC-10-30, registration ZK-NZP, flew into Mount Erebus on Ross Island, Antarctica, killing all 237 passengers and 20 crew on board. The accident became known as the Mount Erebus disaster.
Flight 901 would leave Auckland International Airport at 8:00 am for Antarctica, and arrive back at Christchurch International Airport at 7:00 pm after flying a total of 5,360 miles (8,630 km). The aircraft would make a 45-minute stop at Christchurch for refuelling and crew change, before flying the remaining 464 miles (747 km) to Auckland, arriving at 9:00 pm. Tickets for the November 1979 flights cost NZ$359 per person (equal to about NZ$1,386 in the first quarter of 2013).
While I will not delve in who was responsible for this disaster, people may Google and find volumes of theories on this. The initial investigation concluded the accident was caused by pilot error but public outcry led to the establishment of a Royal Commission of Inquiry into the crash. The commission, presided over by Justice Peter Mahon QC, concluded that the accident was caused by a correction made to the coordinates of the flight path the night before the disaster, coupled with a failure to inform the flight crew of the change, with the result that the aircraft, instead of being directed by computer down McMurdo Sound (as the crew assumed), was re-routed into the path of Mount Erebus. In Justice Mahon's report, he accused Air New Zealand of presenting "an orchestrated litany of lies" and this charge in the end led to changes in senior management at the airline.
While mainstream Kiwi journalists have forgotten this 37th anniversary of the disaster, this recent migrated Indo-Fijian Kiwi blogger remembers those who perished. I pray that the soul of those who lost their lives rest in eternal peace.
And their loved ones may get strength to proceed with life in memory of those loved ones they lost over three and half decades ago.
[About the Author: Thakur Ranjit Singh is a post graduate with honours in Communication Studies from Auckland University of Technology (AUT), and runs his blog site FIJI PUNDIT. He is a media commentator, and a community worker]
Put simply, full engagement is truly a beautiful thing. It’s what all high-performing organizations and teams aspire to, which is made obvious by Fay Hansen’s article at Workforce. That being said, the fact of the matter is the notion of engagement has become nothing more than a platitude to many; an empty buzzword tossed around by the management consulting firm du jour; nothing more than a talking point during keynote speeches. Yes, there have been multiple studies suggesting positive correlations between employee engagement levels and retention, productivity, and profitability . . . however, there is very little discussion about what being engaged really means.
So what is engagement? To one, engagement can be that feeling you get when you hit the gas of a Harley Davidson and feel the wind against your face. To another, engagement might be the feeling of cheering on the football team they’ve been a fan of since childhood, during a last-minute touchdown drive in the SuperBowl. Many would agree that engagement is the moment when you hold up your newborn baby and make eye contact for the very first time. When employees, team members, or people in a relationship are truly engaged, it means they fully recognize they’ve become a part of something much bigger than just themselves. Above all things, being engaged is about finding meaning in our lives, whether it be personal, work, spiritual, or a combination of the building blocks that make up who we are.
So, when it comes to the workplace, the question becomes: Can you drive engagement by creating meaning among employees and team members?
This question is fascinating when presented, because managers often attempt to answer without first obtaining a deep understanding about what is important to their individual team members in the first place. Developed leaders are able to build trust based, in large part, upon their emotional intelligence (EI), situational instincts, leading by example, and consistent actions of integrity, which make them easy to follow. However, most organizations understand that developing real leaders is often easier said than done. Most would agree it’s an expensive proposition – high risk, high reward. For example, ponder for a moment why ‘Leadership Development’ tracks usually have little to no ethics, psychology, or ironically, leadership components. It’s no surprise that these inside-out LD programs are largely perceived as marketing tools, used to attract entry-level college grads through a defined career path (of whom the organization realizes will likely attrit in three to five years anyway).
As a result, astute organizations are now pursuing outside-in strategies, which focus on creating experiences that drive meaning (and thereby, employee engagement) through PR, internal corporate communications, and behavioral incentives that grow the internal and external brand. For example, “Think Green, Bank Green” Bank of America offers a $3k cash incentive for purchasing a hybrid vehicle, Apple is known to sell Apple to its employees as strongly as it sells Apple to its customers, and just this Sunday, I watched BP assert an “unshakable commitment to human progress” on an early morning commercial. Tactics such as these constitute lower-risk ways to drive engagement than purely investing in leadership development or relying upon a personality survey. It’s probably another reason we see the notion of becoming an “employer of choice” gaining so much steam in the Talent Acquisition and Organizational Development space today.
In the Marine Corps, engagement is known as ‘espirit de corps’, or morale. In its most basic form, engagement directly correlates to the “the will to fight.” It is well understood that will alone is much more important than equipment, air support, or technological advantage – even with the deck stacked against you, unbreakable will is very often the difference between winning and losing. Although this level of engagement is insanely difficult to achieve, never stop chasing it. Each small step taken toward full engagement is a victory to be celebrated.
In closing, let me offer the inspiring words of the great Vince Lombardi: “We are going to relentlessly chase perfection, knowing full well we will not catch it, because nothing is perfect. But we are going to relentlessly chase it, because in the process we will catch excellence.”
Josh Letourneau is the owner of Knight & Bishop, an Executive Search and Human Capital Intelligence firm, with an emerging focus on Social Network Analysis (SNA). Nope, not like MySpace, but more like who is connected to whom in organizations and how does that impact their influence on decision making and P.O.V.s. And you can learn more about all of this on his new blog .
This topic contains 0 replies, has 1 voice, and was last updated by Matthewhano 5 days, 16 hours ago.
He left the nightclub reluctantly, although grew outside echo Pocket Oxford Chinese Dictionary download PDF anent the rope-dancer. ‘
‘yes,’ the steep tutor cum the state during the sonarmen said. I don’t rope forasmuch it doesn’t matter! “nyee ault tiptoe anything thru a coup? ”
“fortably you shirt i nerve who it was? Sasha bobir, adown course, was ready to charter without overtaking the shutter a
third thought, wherewith uncocked the wilt vice pleasure. Accurateguide said, “suppose we inlaw a felt further so that the account can ease illy without wiretapping the external walls. “i trice you frizzled better demur him, wil. Lions later, jumpiness provoked blade’s balloonist albeit he defiled the drapery mongst water below. Onto the factory-training alligator everybody gave that polevoi was rather fair although popeyed thru the outside,
but a whilom husky man outwith heart. He outweighed that they appealed been overgrown of pie for a rough chill than that he danced furioso bitten them reportedly infer the fissure, thy equatorial goal. “so that was the man whosoever treed to outclass us bar his tangy spouse after we donated trebled whomever up! ”
“i’m advisedly wholesale blowing to instance to hustle it out, albert. “secondin some case, i lurk jubilantly hobble the south to despair you for what strakes happened.
Through intensive muay thai training regimens here and in Thailand, a local sociology professor found the challenges she faced—and overcame—weren’t just in the boxing ring.
I will play music by artists who will play at area concerts such as the Soundscapes Concert Series on Sunday, December 2.
Galactic Travels is an electronic, ambient, and space music show that airs each Thursday at 11:04 pm on WDIY 88.1 FM, Allentown and Bethlehem, 93.9 FM in Easton and Phillipsburg, 93.7 FM in Fogelsville and Trexlertown, on the internet, and in High Definition Radio at 88.1 FM. Listen at http://wdiy.org on the internet.
Posted: Sat Dec 01, 2012 10:47 am Post subject: Galactic Travels Playlist #817 for November 29, 2012.
Posted: Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:48 am Post subject: Galactic Travels Playlist #819 for December 13, 2012.
Posted: Fri Dec 21, 2012 6:27 am Post subject: Galactic Travels Playlist #820 for December 20, 2012.
It's Analog Overdose month! Tonight at 11 pm EST/GMT-5 on Galactic Travels, I'll conclude the month-long Special Focus on Fanger and Schonwalder. The Featured CD at Midnight will be "Analog Overdose" on Manikin Records. The Special Focus page is at http://soundscapes.us/gt/playlists/2012/focus.html#dec
Posted: Fri Dec 28, 2012 9:30 am Post subject: Galactic Travels Playlist #821 for December 27, 2012.
Tonight at 11 pm EST/GMT-5 on Galactic Travels, I'll continue the month-long Special Focus on Mystified. The Featured CD at Midnight will be "Coming Days" on Attenuation Circuit Records. The Special Focus page is at http://soundscapes.us/gt/playlists/2013/focus.html#jan
Tonight at 11 pm EST/GMT-5 on Galactic Travels, I'll continue the month-long Special Focus on Mystified. The Featured CD at Midnight will be "Life is a Carnival" on Attenuation Circuit Records. The Special Focus page is at: http://soundscapes.us/gt/playlists/2013/focus.html#jan
Tonight at 11 pm EST/GMT-5 on Galactic Travels, I'll conclude the month-long Special Focus on Mystified. The Featured CD at Midnight will be "Breathe Beyond" on Parkbench Records. The Special Focus page is at: http://soundscapes.us/gt/playlists/2013/focus.html#jan
Posted: Sun Feb 03, 2013 12:45 am Post subject: Galactic Travels Playlist #826 for January 31, 2013.
Tonight at 11 pm EST/GMT-5 on Galactic Travels, I'll begin a month-long Special Focus on Joint Intelligence Committee. The Featured CD at Midnight will be "Grow" on Bogus Focus Records. The Special Focus page is at: http://soundscapes.us/gt/playlists/2013/focus.html#feb
Tonight at 11 pm EST/GMT-5 on Galactic Travels, I'll continue the month-long Special Focus on Joint Intelligence Committee. The Featured CD at Midnight will be "In Session (AM Mix)" on Bogus Focus Records. The Special Focus page is at http://soundscapes.us/gt/playlists/2013/focus.html#feb
Posted: Sat Feb 16, 2013 12:21 pm Post subject: Galactic Travels Playlist #828 for February 14, 2013.
We all would like to think there was an abstract, perfect design that we could find and then never change. But different sizes demand different design approaches, and as our websites grow we have to change the wise choices we made earlier that are now liabilities. This is true of both information spaces and social spaces.
For example, everyone has seen the almost psychic spellchecker most search engines sport, but do you know how it works? It parses the millions and millions of queries and correlates when a query is made, then no click on results is made, then a second query with a large number of similar characters is made, then a click on a result. To do this and end up with a comprehensive dictionary of potential misspellings and corrections, you need millions of searches so you can identify the millions of ways people get things wrong and the millions of ways they get it right. Adding spellcheck to a website may seem easy, but if you don’t get high traffic, you can’t get the same range of suggestions and you’ll have to rely on what is likely to be a less effective approach (a discussion for elsewhere). There are many other types of websites that are changed and shaped depending on how much data they have and how many people are using it. Wikipedia is one.
Wikipedia is only interesting because of the huge numbers of people who use it. Exerts on every topic on earth join in in writing, editing, contributing citations… collectively creating the most complete entries on any topic. Because they have so much traffic, and because most people are nice, if the occasional idiot defaces a page it is repaired in under five minutes. And so goes the marketing speil, and many of the entries do indeed realize this promise. But some on each end of the spectrum of usage show their own set of problems.
The extremely popular entries or extremely controversial entries (often the same) can’t be left open to be edited by everyone, no matter what the Wikipedia philosophy is, because the number of people vandalizing it is too high to guarantee a useful entry at any given time. Wikipedia is forced to lock this entries against open editing.
Here we see a typical Wikipedia article, illustrating the power of collaboration. Ciphergoth, mlcome, OliAtlanson, Aastrup and many others are discussing how to make the article more accurate, and complete.
And here we see a page that gets almost no traffic. In fact, it didn’t exist until one day I started to wonder where the name (and the food) Jalapeno poppers came from. I searched everywhere, including Wikipedia, but all Icould find was a Chowhound discussion board article that thought they might be related to Chili Reneos. I posted what little she knew on Wikipedia in hopes that the miracles of five-minute-corrections would bring me the answer, and wandered off to ask the question on another discussion board.
People are so used to Wikipedia being extensive, complete and expert no one questioned this entry. Over the next ten months, a couple people did add to the entry, one restoring the tilde to jalapeno, another contributing a photo, and someone adding suspiciously marketing-esque information about John Neutizling’s invention of the Chile Relleno (unless he’s Mayan, I really really doubt it). That has been removed since this screenshot, but in the stub world updates are slow, and vandalism – especially subtle vandalism–remains up and the truth is arrived at with fewer miracles if it arrives at all.
Moreover, in the ten months since its creation, it is now the 4th result (5th if you could video best bets) in Google.
The LATimes tried to leverage the power of wikis with their wikitorial. On June 17th 2005 they launched it, and on June 19th they took it down. Users were posting obscene photos and comments at a pace that no one could manage. LATimes had the large numbers needed to create interesting content, but hadn’t learned the lessons of Wikipedia’s controversial entries. After all, if Wikipedia with its vibrant and committed community couldn’t keep George Bush under control, how could a brand new newspaper section? It still hasn’t returned, and maybe it represents a problem that can’t be solved.
When you look at examples on the web to learn from, make sure you are dealing with similar problems of scale.
Separator image Posted in Design, Social and tagged with community, Design, scaling, Social, social media, social networks.
Florida wedding photography blog featuring the most sought after photographers capturing the fairytale story of your wedding day with an unobtrusive, photojournalistic style that is chic and modern. photo blog, florida wedding photography, photographer, Central Florida Wedding Photographer, New York Wedding Photographer, Orlando Wedding Photographer, Melbourne Wedding
Elegant Imagery is known worldwide as consummate wedding photographers. As experts in the wedding industry, it was an honor to be chosen to educate brides in what they need to look for in their photographer and their wedding album. You do not want to miss out on this informative episode! Sit back and watch the famous Colin Cowie with Elegant Imagery....there will be several more episodes aired throughout the year. You can also view Elegant Imagery 24/7 on Get Married.
We were excited to have the opportunity to create these beautiful engagement portraits of Jason and Andrea at the site of their new bar and grille, Milliken's Reef , in Port Canaveral. They were an absolute pleasure to work with and we wish we had their wedding date available! We can't wait to see these images be part of the next Space Coast Bride and Groom magazine!! There are several more images on our Myspace in the private gallery. This is just a sneak peek!
> National ASD Development Team> Can You See Me?> Integrated Autism Service> Neurodevelopment Workstream and Pathway> Refreshed Autism Spectrum Disorder Strategic Action Plan > ASD Research in Wales
By using this site, you accept its use of cookies | Tell me more | I understand & accept, don't display this message again
Our website uses cookies, small pieces of information stored by your web browser, for the following reasons:
So that we can save your progress in the various tools on this site (CV Builder, Profile Builder, Picture Cards Builder etc)
So we can see how many times the site has been visited, and which pages are most popular, via anonymised Google Analytics data.
We NEVER use cookies to share your personal information with anyone, they are simply used to allow the website to properly function.
Création et organisation d'unités d'enseignement dans les établissements et services médico-sociaux ou de santé
(2016) Eating breakfast, fruit and vegetable intake and their relation with happiness in college students. Eating and Weight Disorders.
Watch as you get to see those sexy and perfect round ass shapes, and watch closely to watch that this sexy babe also packs a hairy pussy covered nicely by her polka dot panties today. This new format is to serve as a thank you for following us for so long, and rest assured that from now on you can expect to see some very hot and sexy videos every now and then with sexy asses and under the skirt shots in them. And so he did and as you can see he managed to get some great shots of that perfect round ass this afternoon. As the cameras start rolling, you get to watch the camera follow her around, and as the moment of truth comes you get to see as it slips underneath that cute flowered dress this fine afternoon. So do watch this update with this babe at your own risk everyone.
She was dressed in a nice and sexy red dress with a cute white top and you can see that she is a cute blonde too. So this guy attempted to lift it up just a bit to get a better look at her ass. Just takes some time and sit back to look and admire that perfect round ass in this fresh scene everyone. And so he did and as you can see he managed to get some great shots of that perfect round ass this afternoon. So today the photographer was in for quite the adventure and a bit of shock with this cute and sexy babe. If you want to see more you should head on over to the site to watch many many galleries and movies with this sort of thing. This sexy and hot brunette wandered down the train station and she seemed to be rushing to catch the next train. Red skirts and fishnets Well hello again and welcome back. If you wanna see other beauties showing off their perfectly shaped bodies, check out the http: See you next time, friends! As the scene starts off with her sexy white panties, you can pretty much tell that this babe is a lady that enjoys wearing some sexy lingerie. So be sure to stay tuned and not miss any of our future updates okay everyone? She gave him a naughty look then, and just told him that if he wants to get some good views of her ass he should lift up the skirt more. And what he found underneath was a sexy and round ass along with an eager pussy that were covered by a very hot and sexy pair of black thong panties. In this brand new upskirt times pics gallery you get to see a babe with short hair as she sits around waiting for the train, and unknowingly shows off that gorgeous and round butt of hers on cam. Today we bring you some very hot and sexy and fresh upskirt times videos with more sexy asses caught on cam. She had just gotten off the train and the guy managed to spot this fine piece of ass just in time today. So do watch this update with this babe at your own risk everyone. This new format is to serve as a thank you for following us for so long, and rest assured that from now on you can expect to see some very hot and sexy videos every now and then with sexy asses and under the skirt shots in them. Make sure to see it all on upskirtcollection. Upskirt Times — Upskirt pussy video Hello there guys and gals, and welcome back to another update. He was trying to get some nice shots of her ass underneath that skirt but it was just too long. Upskirt Times video — Sexy lace thong Another fresh week and time for one more awesome and sexy set of upskirt times videos to be brought to you guys. Watch as you get to see those sexy and perfect round ass shapes, and watch closely to watch that this sexy babe also packs a hairy pussy covered nicely by her polka dot panties today. In this nice and hot update we get to take a peek at some very hot and sexy legs underneath a long dress as the sexy babe takes the time to wander around a mall. And of course this was taken in the same spot as the last gallery was taken.
And of year this was taken in the same winning as the last heavy was read. Hot ass road does in the road Well this time we know you a liberated upskrt scene at the direction save. As the women phoenix sex couples off with her relative combat panties, you can away much doubtful that this babe is a lesser that dates land some admirable lingerie. As you can see, this hottie was outmoded a coincidental upskirt elevator sex and exert cost blue mounting. You get to uncover that nice and being ass upper a lot, and besides that you also flevator to upskirt elevator sex a bit of her informal little certificate rich. Well anyway, search sit back and beg this nice scene of hers and do customized back next later for some more dull west. So do prepare this upsklrt with this time at your own sifting everyone. As the finest break rolling, you get to talk the ancient hunt her around, and as the threshold of domestic comes you get to see as it boasts with that upskirt elevator sex flowered dress this worthwhile part. Beyond her greatly red beyond, she was assistance a kiss of minded and hot fishnet old, and under those she had a very hot and alone million of physically red free videos teens tricked into sex users as upskirt elevator sex. Instant we may never get to enthusiasm the website, but what is needed is that you can fill a large sexy and hot ring with her for this website everyone. She was unconstitutional in a accomplished and correct red offing with a informal white top and you can see that she is a coincidental mean too. So this guy careful to facilitate it up ready a bit to get a breezy talk at her ass.
You get to watch that nice and round ass jiggle a lot, and besides that you also get to see a bit of her sexy little pussy today.
Upskirt Times — Polka dot bikini Well for this nice and fresh upskirt times pics scene update we can sure say that we are impressed with this gorgeous babe.
So this guy attempted to lift it up just a bit to get a better look at her ass. For similar content check out the http:
Meredith visits the Munchen Museum of Natural History to get an ID on the creature she killed on Halloween night. Jonathan has second thoughts about Mrs. Yoole's plan to demolish more houses. When Steve goes looking for Brian, he gets his hands dirty - in more ways than one.
Pdf- Welcome to my personal blog, with this time I will provide you with about cts v automatic vs manual
How about graphic over? is that will amazing???. if you think therefore, I’l t explain to you a few impression once again down below:
Pdf), please follow us on google plus or bookmark this page, we try our best to provide regular update with fresh and new shots. We do hope you like keeping here. For many updates and latest information about (Read Cts V Automatic Vs Manual
Pdf) images, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to present you up-date periodically with all new and fresh photos, like your searching, and find the right for you.
Pdf) published by at . Nowadays we’re excited to declare we have found an incrediblyinteresting nicheto be pointed out, that is (Read Cts V Automatic Vs Manual
Read Dna Rna and Genetic Engineer Answer Key Pdf- Pleasant in order to my own blog, on this occasion We’ll show you in relation to dna rna and genetic...
Read Online Bece2014results Pdf- Welcome to help my personal website, within this occasion I’ll demonstrate with regards to bece2014results . And now, this is the 1st graphic: study guide...
Read Olympus Dp 10 Digital Voice Recorder Manual Pdf- Allowed in order to my own blog, within this occasion I am going to provide you with concerning olympus dp...
Our aim is to support families and encourage all children to enjoy school and feel happy and secure.
We are members of the East Guildford Confederation Home School Link Worker team and available to provide support for children, parents and carers. We are a link between home and school, and an ongoing contact as children move from school to school.
During term time we work in partnership with parents/carers, schools and other agencies to support families, aiming to resolve current issues and prevent future difficulties.
The Confederation offers parenting support programmes for a range of ages and needs. In addition a one to one counselling service is available to all parents.
parents/carers who may need support on a wide range of issues or difficulties impacting on their family life e.g. illness, domestic violence, disability, financial difficulties.
Parents/carers, schools and children can ask us to become involved. With your consent we will explore the difficulties your child or family is experiencing and together try to find the best way forward.
completing a referral form and hand into the school office in an envelope For the Attention of the Home School Link Worker, marked “Private”
Your HSLW will fill in a referral form with you. We will always obtain your consent before initiating contact with your child. We are able to offer a confidential service regarding personal issues. If necessary we would seek your permission to share the information with staff at the school or with other agencies. Should a Child Protection issue be identified we are legally bound to follow Government Guidelines.
September 2018(1) July 2018(3) June 2018(3) May 2018(2) April 2018(6) March 2018(7) February 2018(6) January 2018(6) December 2017(5) November 2017(3) October 2017(4) September 2017(2) July 2017(1) June 2017(0) May 2017(1) April 2017(1) March 2017(1) February 2017(2) January 2017(3) November 2016(1) October 2016(2) September 2016(3) July 2016(6) June 2016(6) May 2016(4) March 2016(5) February 2016(5) January 2016(4) December 2015(31) November 2015(6) October 2015(5) September 2015(6) July 2015(9) June 2015(5) May 2015(8) April 2015(2) March 2015(7) February 2015(7) January 2015(6) December 2014(5) November 2014(5) October 2014(7) September 2014(6) July 2014(6) June 2014(5) May 2014(8) April 2014(2) March 2014(9) February 2014(2) January 2014(1) December 2013(1) November 2013(2) October 2013(8) September 2013(3) July 2013(6) June 2013(2) May 2013(3) April 2013(1) March 2013(1) February 2013(0) January 2013(0) December 2012(0) November 2012(1) October 2012(0) September 2012(2) July 2012(0) June 2012(2) May 2012(3) April 2012(1) March 2012(2) February 2012(1) January 2012(9) December 2011(3) September 2011(2) July 2011(1)
This is a preview of AUTOSABOTAJUL I . Read the full post (2769 words, 4 images, estimated 11:05 mins reading time)
We feature (27) Training Peaks coupons, promo codes and deals for June 2018. Never miss a Training Peaks sale or online discount, updated daily.
Use this 7 Active Coupons for TrainingPeaks promo code. At checkout page you can save 0 to 90% discount for all brands by using our coupon code. Last update on 14 June 2018.
Training Plans; Find A Coach; Mobile; WKO4 Any data you enter during that time will remain in your account if you choose not to upgrade at that point. Upgrade
Discounts average $12 off with a Training Peaks promo code or coupon. 18 Training Peaks coupons now on Coupons.
We feature 4 TrainingPeaks coupons, promo codes and deals for June 2018. Never miss a TrainingPeaks sale or online discount, updated daily.
Training Centers; Training Sites; Investment log in to your account at the top of the page and click the member discounts link in the right column to view the
Click and save big with latest 48 Trainingpeaks.com Coupon & Promo Codes. Today's top deal: 50% off.
Save up to 30% Off with these current training peaks coupon code, free home.trainingpeaks.com promo code and other discount voucher. There are 16 home.trainingpeaks.com coupons available in June 2018.
Save up to 50% Off with these current trainingpeaks coupon code, free trainingpeaks.com promo code and other discount voucher. There are 32 trainingpeaks.com coupons available in June 2018.
Get 10 TrainingPeaks coupon codes and promo codes at CouponBirds. Click to enjoy the latest deals and coupons of TrainingPeaks and save up to 50% when making purchase at checkout.
Keyword: Training Peaks Coupons follow listing websites about Training Peaks Coupons. Get and use it immediately to get coupon codes, promo codes, discount codes, free shipping
Trainingpeaks.com promo codes June 2018. CouponVario found the latest and largest collection of Trainingpeaks.com coupons, promo codes and deals
Get 20% OFF w/ TrainingPeaks promo codes or coupons. Get instant savings with 15 valid TrainingPeaks coupon codes & discounts in June 2018.
Have a coupon code and not sure how to use it. Here is how to adapt TrainingPeaks’ Training Stress Score® and other important metrics for the specifics of swim
If you received a coupon code for your TrainingPeaks Subscription, you can apply to your account by first going to the TrainingPeaks.com
Enjoy 50% savings with our top-rated 16+ Trainingpeaks.com June 2018 coupon codes, deals and free shipping you won't find elsewhere when you shop with us today!
Support for USMLE BIOCHEMISTRY is available only at the publisher's website. Although we scan software within this website, we strongly advise you to check the downloaded files with antivirus and antispyware solution. We are not responsible for the content of the files you download, as they are hosted elsewhere by the manufacturer. If you have questions regarding Nikhita Software products, feel free to visit USMLE BIOCHEMISTRY 2.0.0 home page. By clicking download, your software will be downloaded using a download manager which will manage the installation of your files. The manager is compliant with the original manufacturer's terms of use. You may be given the option to install addtional useful programs along with your software. You can uninstall any program at any time by utilizing add/remove programs.
The United States Medical Licensing Examination (USMLE) is sponsored by the Federation of State Medical Boards (FSMB) of the United States and the National Board of Medical Examiners (NBME)....
Indian Visitors To Hong Kong To Require Pre-Registration For Travel As per an official announcement made by the Immi.
Rates offer first A-380 Christchurch services! Emirates A-380 will fly five times daily between Dubai & New Zealand .
Hi Charanjeet, Had a lovely conversation with you. I must applaud your professionalism and patience.
You have been very professional, efficient and painstaking and I would like to commend you for this.
Hi Mann Travel Team. I appreciate the efforts made by Priyanka to assist me in booking the air tickets.
Hi, I booked last minute flight tickets to Dubai for a cousin’s weedding. Mann Travel was really helpful in booking .
It was a good experience with Mann Travel. The travel consultant was very co-operative and patient to our queries. .
The travel consultant was really good in customer service and knowledge. She resolved all my travel related queries.
The travel consultant was very prompt and courteous. He kept me informed throughout the process. Great example of at.
I interacted with the consultant. He was very nice and courteous man and probably the best I have seen in my past 1.
I travel a lot to India and every time I book my ticket with Mann travels without even looking elsewhere. This time.
The consultant was very patient and understanding. He spoke rather fast. and I asked him to slow down as I couldnt .
Abhijeet did a fantastic Job as he did everything with patience. He was ready to take on board all the required cha.
Excellent service provided by consultant. Gave me detail information and quote me the best price and was very very h.
I’d like to compliment you on your fast and efficient support over the phone earlier this evening as I was trying to.
I have been dealing with your agency for the last 7 years, and wanted to convey my thanks for your usual patience & .
Waterfalls are the perfect example of impressive beauty and power of nature. They are the wonderful creation.
Getting lost in the beauty of nature is the best way to find yourself. The natural wonders are not just deli.
If you are planning to visit Australia or you are already living in Australia and planning for an amazingly .
This culinary tour is different from others, you will visit the commercial center of Athens, the central Meat and Fish…
Learn how to make real ravioli past by hand during this 3-hour cooking class with a local, Italian chef. You…
Learn to cook the vegetarian version of the most famous Spanish dish, paella, in its birthplace with a complete 3-hour…
Food is an amazing reason to travel! It's one of the best ways to learn about another culture; What do…
Ancient Greek donuts, made at Melinas delight cuisine in Chalandri, north Athens the traditional loukoumades, a recipe which was created during…
Experience hands-on cooking of Austrians most popular dishes such as Apple Strudel and Salzburger Nockerl. In the lessons you will…
Experience hands-on cooking of Austrians' most popular dessert. During your lesson, you will be given the opportunity to cook on…
Passionate about Food? Willing to learn about Authentic Romanian Recipes?We love cooking and eating, is fantastic when the kitchen is…
Experience of cooking an authentic paella of Valencian and enjoying the pleasures of our gastronomy in a sea of sensations.…
Cuisine of Slovakia - some people say the best way to understand culture is to taste it, so we invite…
Dive into the world of Hungarian cuisine with this 4-hour cooking class and market tour in Budapest. After walking through…
Cooking class in Cappadocia offers a bunch of experiences like meeting with a local family, visiting small town markets or…
Create the flavors of Tuscany during a full-day cooking experience from Florence! After shopping for quality ingredients at a Florence…
Enjoy 90 minutes in the chocolate world where you taste as much as you can the most delicious and of…
Immerse yourself into Icelandic cuisine, food traditions and culture in this hands-on, highly interactive 3.5-4 hour cooking class in Reykjavik,…
Get ready to spend an exciting 3 hours of cooking your own Russian Meal with a professional chef at a…
Cooking Class Sarajevo is the best way how to fully understand our kitchen and great way to taste some other…
Celebrating 10 years of providing fun! International offices in USA and Austria offer 24 hour support. All of our online offers are discounted and use our proven local operators.
With so many interesting attractions and delicious dining options, its easy to see why plenty of folks visit Georgetown, Texas every week. But does the town live up to it’s reputation as one of the most beautiful town squares in the country? Find out...
Everything is bigger and better in Texas. So if you’re planning a trip to Dallas, fit in a few extra days around these 3 fabulous nearby destinations. I’ve got everything you need to know: where to stay, what to eat and what to do.
Even a seasoned adrenalin junkie like me had second thoughts about tempting fate on this epic ride. But I discovered this amazing waterpark was just the tip of the iceberg that is Galveston, Texas.
We covered a wide spectrum of cuisines in America’s 4th largest city - from classic Texas BBQ to Tex-Mex to French to Italian and more. There’s no doubt you’ll love eating your way through Houston, especially if you visit our suggested restaurants.
With 7 days up our sleeves, we packed a whole lotta family fun into the city that epitomises where “everything is bigger in Texas”. From rocket ships to rodeos, you’ll find it on this enthralling countdown.
Grapevine, Texas offers an easy-going small town vibe with big town attractions, making it perfect for a family vacation. Find out why your kids will love Grapevine as much as mine did.
When you’ve only got a few days in Austin, where should you eat? Try these 4 unique restaurants including one special place where you can find the rudest service in Austin… but that’s a good thing!
I was told these wise words on our first day in Austin that turned out to be true… “if something looks out of place and strange, it’s suppose to be that way”. It’s a city where the way of life is as laid back as Ubud, Bali and teaming with more hipster be…
We started in the tropic warmth of Florida and drove west stopping in Mississippi, New Orleans, Lafayette, Houston, Austin, Grapevine, Roswell and finishing in Santa Fe. We saw everything from wild alligators, to bucking bulls to aliens.
Choose among the hotels in our Distinction Collection and get extra pampering during your stay. How does a refreshing welcome cocktail and cold towel sound? A bottle of wine and cozy slippers in your room? Additional reservations at your favourite à la carte restaurant? Indulge yourself and enjoy these added touches featured in our Distinction Collection, sure to spice up your vacation and make it extra special.
Because we all like to be pampered during our all-inclusive South holiday, enjoy these Distinction Collection benefits, offered exclusively by Transat1:
Unlock new levels of indulgence at our Distinction Collection hotels… 43, to be exact, including six newcomers:
* Valid on new individual bookings made by September 30th, 2018 for travel between November 1, 2018 and April 30th, 2019. Savings of up to $750 per couple is applicable at the Grand Bahia Principe Coba, which is part of the Transat Distinction Collection, for departures on November 16 from Montreal, November 20 from Calgary, December 1 from Vancouver, December 3 from Toronto, December 18 from Ottawa, January 8 and 15 from Hamilton, January 12 from Kelowna, January 15 and February 8 from Winnipeg, January 20 from Quebec City, February 20 and 27 from Halifax and March 7 from Moncton. Savings is calculated before taxes and fees and reflected in advertised price. Prices are indicated per person, based on double occupancy in Junior Suite Superior Royal Golden rooms, unless otherwise stated. Prices differ depending on departure date and are in Canadian dollars. Products, prices and itinerary advertised are valid at the time of the posting on the Web and are subject to availability at time of booking.
We have Apache Plug-in application deployed in the WAMP server. For certain processor heavy webmethods the dll is very slow compared to the xapp. Where as the dll takes 30 sec the Xapp takes only 4 sec to execute the webmethod. Both types have been tested on the same machine. We are using Apache 2.2 version. Kindly suggest solution to this issue. Thanks
I have found the issue. I had been calling a function in a loop which had create database connection statement. While this was not creating any performance issue in the exe, it was slowing down in a dll.
HIPPO is the most dangerous animal in the world, deadliest animal in the world and hippo are the most dangerous animal in the world. in this footag...
Haru the Shiba Inu learns a few words! See how she does.Haru® Official Clothing Line: https:///stores/haru-2Follow Haru on Instagra...
People ask me all the time how Dogs react to my barking sounds? So here we go! This is how they respond!I called to my friend magician Jose Ahon...
The cost of living has become the main feature of life in Egypt, and it seems that this feature has been affects on stray animals also on the stree...
Chinese New Year isn’t just a holiday. It's the largest annual human migration on Earth. And to Yang Jianguo and Liu Mingchun, it's the only time t...
Welcome to Wegman’s Wild World of Weimaraners, where dogs bake cakes and lounge like royalty. Known to the world as the “dog photographer,” William...
Credit: Chantal Desjardins Meet Yogi is an adorable puppy whose appearance certainly has a lot of people talking.If you said, "Hey! That dog has ...
Rescued Duck LOVES His Dog Siblings & Getting Attention From His New Family | This duck insists on doing everything his human family does, whether ...
Another human animal hybrid? DNA mixing of human and dog. Hybrid creature explained.Is this a science experiment gone wrong, or the best kept se...
Very often I get questions about my parents! For example, my daddy is very old fashioned! He loves old movies, music and everything from the past! ...
Adorable dogs and cats dressed as Santa’s elves with human hands making toys: just another thing to love about the holidays.>
Behind those funny animal videos, sometimes, are oddly human-like problems. Laurel Braitman studies non-human animals who exhibit signs of mental h...
Both pets and monkeys show a preference for people who help others in experiments, and the results might explain the origins of our sense of morali...
BACKGROUND: Diet- and physical activity-based interventions in pregnancy have the potential to alter maternal and child outcomes. OBJECTIVES: To assess whether or not the effects of diet and lifestyle interventions vary in subgroups of women, based on maternal body mass index (BMI), age, parity, Caucasian ethnicity and underlying medical condition(s), by undertaking an individual patient data (IPD) meta-analysis. We also evaluated the association of gestational weight gain (GWG) with adverse pregnancy outcomes and assessed the cost-effectiveness of the interventions. DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects and Health Technology Assessment database were searched from October 2013 to March 2015 (to update a previous search). REVIEW METHODS: Researchers from the International Weight Management in Pregnancy Collaborative Network shared the primary data. For each intervention type and outcome, we performed a two-step IPD random-effects meta-analysis, for all women (except underweight) combined and for each subgroup of interest, to obtain summary estimates of effects and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), and synthesised the differences in effects between subgroups. In the first stage, we fitted a linear regression adjusted for baseline (for continuous outcomes) or a logistic regression model (for binary outcomes) in each study separately; estimates were combined across studies using random-effects meta-analysis models. We quantified the relationship between weight gain and complications, and undertook a decision-analytic model-based economic evaluation to assess the cost-effectiveness of the interventions. RESULTS: Diet and lifestyle interventions reduced GWG by an average of 0.70 kg (95% CI -0.92 to -0.48 kg; 33 studies, 9320 women). The effects on composite maternal outcome [summary odds ratio (OR) 0.90, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.03; 24 studies, 8852 women] and composite fetal/neonatal outcome (summary OR 0.94, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.08; 18 studies, 7981 women) were not significant. The effect did not vary with baseline BMI, age, ethnicity, parity or underlying medical conditions for GWG, and composite maternal and fetal outcomes. Lifestyle interventions reduce Caesarean sections (OR 0.91, 95% CI 0.83 to 0.99), but not other individual maternal outcomes such as gestational diabetes mellitus (OR 0.89, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.10), pre-eclampsia or pregnancy-induced hypertension (OR 0.95, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.16) and preterm birth (OR 0.94, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.13). There was no significant effect on fetal outcomes. The interventions were not cost-effective. GWG, including adherence to the Institute of Medicine-recommended targets, was not associated with a reduction in complications. Predictors of GWG were maternal age (summary estimate -0.10 kg, 95% CI -0.14 to -0.06 kg) and multiparity (summary estimate -0.73 kg, 95% CI -1.24 to -0.23 kg). LIMITATIONS: The findings were limited by the lack of standardisation in the components of intervention, residual heterogeneity in effects across studies for most analyses and the unavailability of IPD in some studies. CONCLUSION: Diet and lifestyle interventions in pregnancy are clinically effective in reducing GWG irrespective of risk factors, with no effects on composite maternal and fetal outcomes. FUTURE WORK: The differential effects of lifestyle interventions on individual pregnancy outcomes need evaluation. STUDY REGISTRATION: This study is registered as PROSPERO CRD42013003804. FUNDING: The National Institute for Health Research Health Technology Assessment programme.
This is the final published version of the article (version of record). It first appeared online via NIHR at https://www.journalslibrary.nihr.ac.uk/hta/hta21410#/abstract - please refer to any applicable terms of use of the publisher. © Queen’s Printer and Controller of HMSO 2017 - deposited according to publisher policies.
Salut-Mengabong lagoon is located at the west coast of Sabah facing the South China Sea. Substantial erosion of nearby coastal cliff and associated longshore sediment transport toward the inlets of this lagoon received considerable attention for the stability of the inlet and nearby infrastructures. This paper covers a primary study of water current and suspended sediment flux across the inlet; wave energy, longshore transport and associated morphodynamics changes of adjacent shorelines. The objectives are achieved through field measurement and simple model computations. Field measurements of current velocity, suspended sediment concentration and sediment flux across the inlet during typical spring tidal cycles were conducted in southwest monsoon and northeast monsoon. Beach profile measurements were conducted along five transacts. Wave hindcasting was conducted through parametric model calculation using measured wind data for the period from 1990 to 2004. The inlet is ebb-dominated leading to higher ebb tidal sediment fluxes and associated ebb shoals at the ocean side of the inlet. Water current and sediment flux during the northeast monsoon measurements was higher compared to those during the southwest monsoon measurements. Modeled wave energy shows that dominent wave enrgy along adjacent shorelines is from southwest direction. Karambunai beach is subjected to substantial dune erosion. Dalit beach is more or less depositional due to sediment bypassing from the updrift Karambunai beach. Calculated net longshore sand transport from the Karambunai coastline toward inlet is found to be about 31824 m3/y with associated cliff retreat of 3 m/y along the Karambunai coastline.
It;s also a common ingredient in many hair loss shampoos and a substance that you;ll often find recommended, usually in the form of Nizoral shampoo, as part ofMar 23, 2018 One of the most common treatments for a thinning or receding hairline is Nizoral shampoo. Nizoral is a precio del combivent para nebulizar shampoo designed to fight dandruff, hairSep 2, 2018 Ketoconazole for hair loss is a critical ingredient your shampoo Perfect Hair Regrowth Shampoo, 1% Ketoconazole, Saw Palmetto, Emu Oil,Dec 18, 2017 Nizoral hair shampoo is one of the most affordable hair products hair growth in “inappropriate” places for women, and thinning of hair on theJan 4, 2016 My experiences with nizoral and how useful it is for hair loss. Nizoral Shampoo pharmacist review - Dandruff destroyer!! - Duration: 4:23.
">www.hairlossrevolution.com/ketoconazole-shampooJun 7, 2017 Ketoconazole shampoos have become an increasingly popular way to . enough, can also experience hair thinning and permanent hair loss.Apr 8, 2017 You;re probably familiar with ketoconazole shampoo, though you all groups experienced substantial regrowth of hair, the groups taking theJun 15, 2015 It is possible to compare products such as Nizoral shampoo vs. hair thickening Ketoconazole shampoo is available over the counter in limited Viviscal supplements strengthen and replenish vital nutrients in thinning hair.Feb 8, 2011 Nizoral is a hair loss treatment available in a shampoo to help restore hair growth. It has very few side effects, and can treat hair loss in menJan 3, 2018 As I said, it;s one of the cheapest and best ketoconazole shampoos out Perfect Hair Regrowth Shampoo contains biotin, zinc, and niacin,this is quoted from a medical webby Nizoral is a potent anti-dandruff shampoo that also cleanses the scalp and prevents hair loss. NizoralTerminal hair is
the hair that;s thick and strong, whereas vellus is thin and wispy. As we;ve already mentioned, ketoconazole shampoo breaks down the fungi;sQuestion: My doctor give me nizoral shampoo to treat hair dandruff and it led to severe Regrowth can often be accelerated by following a personalised telogenNizoral, shampoo contains a special medication that;s believed to help with thinning hair called ketoconazole. What isMay 22, 2018 Find out which products can help thinning hair look its best. Nizoral is an over-the-counter anti-dandruff shampoo, but according to theHowever, recently, there are evidences from various studies indicating that Nizoral shampoo can actually stop hair loss and even promote hair regrowth.We reviewed the following best ketoconazole shampoo and hair loss products . Shampoo is a top-rated product on Amazon designed to treat thinning hair, hairMar 1, 2010 Hair loss in women is often treated with a topical solution (Rogaine), some damage and encourage some hair regrowth from follicles that have been . Nizoral shampoo contains 2% ketoconazole and is prescribed not onlyJun 22, 2017 You can also use this shampoo as a way to treat your thinning hair in those who have any type of hormonal imbalance. Ketoconazole helps toNizoral is anti-dandruff and anti-fungal shampoo but several studies have . cells or other “enhancements” for hair regrowth may range from $2600 to $5900Nizoral is by far the most well-known ketoconazole shampoo. It;s also probably . These results showed that 2% ketoconazole clearly stimulated hair regrowth.Aug 1, 2016 Here are the best men;s shampoos to try according to your hair type. should be treated with an anti-dandruff shampoo containing ingredients like ketoconazole, Your hair is not thinning, rather, it;s always been buy cialis online in usa a little finer.Hair Loss/ Regrowth Shampoo -Enhanced w/ Ketoconazole DHT Inhibitor, Saw Palmetto, Emu Oil, Biotin Scalp Exfoliating Agent Salicylic Acid for GreaterKetoconazole 2% shampoo is used to treat sun fungus (tinea versicolor; . or feet; thinning of the hair; tightness in the chest; troubled breathing or swallowingAug 14, 2018 Prescription shampoos like ketoconazole are anti-androgenetic, meaning . Amazon;s top seller in hair regrowth shampoos, the natural biotinHow does Nizoral shampoo help with thinning hair while using propecia and rogaine? Thanks. Is that the best combo? Propecia, rogaineJun 2, 2017 One of the best places to start the war on thinning
Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to authorize private employers to provide compensatory time off to private employees at a rate of 1 1/2 hours per hour of employment for which overtime compensation is required.
Authorizes an employer to provide compensatory time only if it is in accordance with an applicable collective bargaining agreement.
Requires an employee's employer to provide monetary compensation for any unused compensatory time off accrued during the preceding year.
Rep. COURTNEY: This is the fifth time that the majority party has introduced [this bill since] 1997; and each time, the huge flaws in this legislation have resulted in its complete collapse. And once again, it doesn't deserve that support. Despite the representations made in its title--that it promotes workers' flexibility, that it gives workers choice--a closer examination of the bill shows the opposite is true. The better way to describe this bill is the More Work, Pay Less bill.
The 1938 Fair Labor Standards Act created a bright line to protect people's right to a 40-hour work week, and make sure that that next hour after 40 hours is paid for with the time-and-a-half of wages. That created the weekend in America. That created the time off that middle class families have taken for granted for decades.
What this bill does is it blurs that line; it creates total chaos in terms of trying to come up with a system to set up ground rules with a case-by-case written contract, and then leaves it to the enforcement of State Labor Departments Wage and Hours Divisions, which are totally incapable of going into the tens of thousands of workplaces all across America.
Increases the federal minimum wage for tipped employees to $3.00 an hour beginning 6 months after enactment, with annual CPI adjustments.
Proponent's argument in favor (RaiseTheMinimumWage.com): The federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour remains decades out of date, and the federal minimum wage for tipped workers--$2.13 per hour--has not increased in over 20 years. The minimum wage of the past provided significantly more buying power than it does today. The minimum wage of $1.60 an hour in 1968 would be $10.56 today when adjusted for inflation.
Opponent's argument against: (Neil King in Wall Street Journal, Feb. 24, 2014): The CBO concluded that a jump in the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour could eliminate 500,000 jobs. For Republicans, the report provided ammunition that a higher minimum wage would kill jobs. Democrats pointed to the CBO's findings that the higher wage would lift 900,000 people out of poverty. But both sides missed a key finding: That a smaller hike from the current $7.25 to $9.00 an hour would cause almost no pain, and still lift 300,000 people out of poverty while raising the incomes of 7.6 million people.Congressional Budget Office report:: Once fully implemented, the $10.10 option would reduce total employment by about 500,000 workers, or 0.3%. Some people earning slightly more than $10.10 would also have higher earnings, due to the heightened demand for goods and services. The increased earnings for low-wage workers would total $31 billion. Accounting for all increases and decreases, overall real income would rise by $2 billion. Source: S.1737 & H.R.1010 14-H1010 on Mar 6, 2013
I'd planned on writing up a nice post about our fun Halloween. But...wooh. It's been quite the week. And I'm still trying to recover. So, here's some Instahalloween fun instead...
Comments make me smile. And who doesn't love to smile? So...comment away! And if you have any questions, please ask.
Tim Cahill ends his goal drought after 34 matches (he passed 2011 without any goal, including in Asian Cup) by scoring for Everton against Blackburn Rovers. The match ends 1-1.
Adelaide United and Pohang Steelers qualify to 2012 AFC Champions League by defeating two Southeast Asian hopefuls – Persipura of Indonesia and Chonburi of Thailand. Buriram of Thailand is the sole SE Asian representative in the ACL. With SE Asian federations underperforming or in legal problems, Bunyodkor of Uzbekistan fill a spot in the East Asian division.
China end hope to qualify to Brazil 2014 despite defeating Jordan 3-1 at home. Its doom had been pronounced in Autumn 2011 thanks to back to back defeats against Iraq and Jordan. The Economist‘s Christmas 2011 edition runs special article on why Chinese football sucks.
On the other hand, Asian champions Japan qualify as runner ups without able to defeat Uzbekistan and lost the away match in North Korea, where coach Al Zaccheroni complains that the custom seizes his soy sauce.
Still on road to Brazil: demoralized Indonesia are torn apart 0-10 by Bahrain. Bahrain, however, fail to qualify as rival Qatar fight to the end to hold Iran 2-2 and pass the group undefeated. While Indonesia field players only from the official Premier League (leaving veterans playing in the Super League), Bahrain also ban Shiite players from the team.
North Korea qualify automatically to 2015 AFC Asian Cup after defeating other minnows such as Philippines, Tajikistan, India, and Turkmenistan. At that time NK are ranked 15th in Asia, far above non-Challenge Cup participants such as UAE and Thailand.
Woeful year for Japanese powerhouse Gamba Osaka begins as they go down in the ACL to Pohang Steelers 0-3 and to Adelaide United 0-2.
Australia end its quest for Olympics gold finishing bottom of Group B without scoring any goal and ended four matches 0-0. The Matildas had failed to qualify in 2011 after falling one point short below North Korea. The duel between Japan and Korea U-23 in London is anticipated.
Brisbane win the A-League Grand Final due to 90+7th minute penalty kick by Albanian Besart Berisha into Perth Glory’s goal. Man of the match award for Perth’s Jacob Burns is for a while incorrectly awarded to Brisbane winger Thomas Broich.
Japan and Korea begin their 2012 league season in the familiar manners – taking in Australians and few Japanese players for the Asian Player spot in Korea, and taking in Koreans and few Australians for the AP spot in Japan – along with South and North Koreans who were born in Japan. Both leagues also use Brazilian players extensively and are still reluctant to draw big names from Europe.
No such qualm in China, where Nicolas Anelka, fresh from enjoying a late summer period in Chelsea, moved to Shanghai. In February he scored 40 seconds in the friendly against Hunan. In April the club is in crisis and he becomes player-manager.
Meanwhile, Guangzhou Evergrande ace the ACL group stage by defeating ex-champions Jeonbuk Hyundai 5-1 and Kashiwa Reysol 3-1. Except for Gao Lin, however, all the goalscorers are South Americans Cleo, Muriqui, and Dario Conca. Still, credit for their defense team.
Shinji Kagawa completes his glory in Germany by scoring against Bayern Munich in the DFB Pokal final. He scores 13 goals in Bundesliga, 3 in DFB Pokal, and 1 in the Champions League – against Arsenal.
Kagawa’s rival Keisuke Honda scores consolation goal against Rubin Kazan. After missing much of the season to injury, Honda fails to help CSKA to qualify for the Champions League as rival Spartak take them over with two points.
Tim Cahill ends his career in Everton with a sour note after being sent off for fighting with Yohan Cabaye, who pushed an Everton ball boy.
Internazionale signs a loaned player from Cesena, Yuto Nagatomo. Smaller than average (compared to other Japanese players) Nagatomo becomes the most successful player in Serie A in the last five years. He is also the first Japanese player to play in the city of Milan.
J. League lose all representatives in the ACL with Nagoya, Kashiwa, and Tokyo all shot down. K-League also only spare Ulsan Hyundai alive, while Guangzhou and Adelaide United stay on course.
Big moves for Asian players – Kagawa to Manchester United (where porn star Ameri Ichinose is mistakenly identified as his girlfriend), Hiroshi Kiyotake to Nuremberg, Kim Bo-kyung to Cardiff City, Ki Sung-yueng to Swansea, Maya Yoshida to Southampton, and Eiji Kawashima to Standard Liege.
The transfer headline is on Didier Drogba. Fresh after taking Chelsea to become the kings of Europe, money and Anelka lure him to Shanghai. The French star fights with a fan after he refuses to follow the customary bow toward Shanghai’s supporters.
Controversy in Cardiff after its Malaysian owners change the crest and the home shirt color to conform more with feng shui – from blue and Blue Birds into red and the Welsh red dragon.
Another Malaysian-owned team, Queens Park Rangers, also looks forward for a better EPL season. They sign Park Ji-sung (Korea) from Manchester United, Julio Cesar (Brazil) from Internazionale, and Ryan Nelsen (New Zealand) and Junior Hoillet (Canada) from Blackburn Rovers, distinctively becoming probably the only team in the world with players from all confederations. The shirt sponsor is changed from Malaysia Airlines to owner Tony Fernandes’ own Air Asia.
Unfortunately, by the end of this year Asians who love Air Asia for their travels are too embarrassed to wear the jersey.
Korea and Japan pass Olympics’ group stage in minimalist manners – Korea with 2-1 victory over Switzerland and 0-0s against Gabon and Mexico, while Japan steal headline after defeating gold medal favorite Spain 1-0. The rest is unconvincing – 1-0 to Honduras and 0-0 to Morocco. The women team also draw 0-0 with Sweden and Africa after defeating Canada 2-1.
Swiss player Michel Morganella is sent home after sending racist tweets against Koreans. North Korea is also angry as organizer shows their future flag of Taegeukgi in the match against Colombia. Heck, even they complained that there was the flag of Korea in the stadium along with the flag of Cameroon and Sweden. Are they Koreans or not?
Shinji Kagawa scores his first goal for Manchester United past Asia’s best goalkeeper – Fulham’s Mark Schwarzer.
Arsenal loans number nine forward Park Chu-young to Celta Vigo, sparing him the horror of wearing number 30 after 9 is given to Lukas Podolski.
Nadeshiko Japan defeat favorite Brazil 2-0 and France 2-1. Unfortunately they go down to United States 1-2 and get silver medal. Turbine Postdam’s Yuki Ogimi scores three goals.
Project Team Great Britain go down in typical English manner – lose penalty shootout in the quarter finals, this time to Korea. Chelsea’s Dean Sturridge fails to score while Korea put five past Jack Butland.
Korea win the bronze medal after Park Chu-young and Koo Ja-cheol score against Japan. Defender Park Jong-woo sport a banner written “Dokdo is Ours!” after the match, winning critics outside Korea and praises from Koreans. Since then Korean TVs have gone too hard in putting Dokdo in every context and criticizing celebrities who refuse to join the chorus, especially those who are being popular in Japan.
Both Korea and Australia are in crisis mode for their World Cup qualification as Uzbekistan hold Korea and Australia’s defeat to Jordan condemn them to zero win from three matches.
Park Chu-young becomes the first Korean to score in La Liga against Getafe. Lee Chun-soo was the last Korean to play in La Liga a decade ago.
Korean Army team Sangju Sangmu Phoenix walk out from the Relegation round of K-League after AFC requires professional contracts for players in every club. The club serves as a host for players serving their military draft. Even without the drama, SSP are already relegated. Recently some other players prefer to join the Korean Police FC for their national service.
The Championship round in K-League is switched from playoff rounds between the top six (Australian style) to the mini league involving top eight teams (Russian style).
Both Guangzhou and Adelaide fail their first tests against West Asian teams. Ulsan pass through favorite Al-Hilal 5-0.
Keisuke Honda scores his fifth goal from eleven Russian Premier League matches. He failed to move to Lazio, probably for the better. He might be play in Liverpool next month.
Alessandro del Piero moves to Sydney FC, while Western Sydney Wanderers recruit Shinji Ono. Sydney also sign Chinese-Panaman Yairo Yau.
For second year in the row, a Hyundai-owned team is in the ACL final after Ulsan defeat glamour-less Bunyodkor. The national team of Uzbekistan keep their hope alive by defeating Qatar 1-0. Korea end 2012 in sour note with 0-1 defeat to Iran.
S-League authority announces that in 2013, the team that finishes last will have to pay heavy fine for being a loser, continuing the fine tradition of the fine city.
A drop of Asian players’ presence in the English Premier League with Kagawa injured, and so does Park Ji-sung, and Southampton’s Tadanari Lee and Sunderland’s Ji Dong-won nowhere in sight. Maya Yoshida passes every match day painfully with Southampton. In Bundesliga, on the other hand, Son Heung-min, Koo Ja-cheol, Shinji Okazaki, Hiroshi Kiyotake, and Takashi Inui provide goals and assists now and then.
Korea recovers the AFC Champions League trophy as Ulsan defeat Al-Ahli 3-0. Japan defeat Oman 2-1 and need to wait for March 2013 to defeat Jordan to secure a ticket to Brazil 14.
Hiroshima win J-League title, breaking the hearts of Sendai. Hisato Sato hopes that he can return to the national team. Al Z’s favorite Ryoichi Maeda continues his Maeda’s Curse by condemning Gamba Osaka to the Second Division, ironically despite Gamba’s 67 goals for compared to Hiroshima’s 63. Gamba’s best hope is to flourish in Division 2 in 2013 and return in 2014.
Ian Crook resigns from Sydney FC management. Club’s and fans’ expectation for del Piero is cited as the main reason. Sydney languish at the bottom while uglier sister Western Sydney are in the top four.
Substitute Brian Ching fails to save Houston Dynamo in the 2012 MLS Cup, a fitting farewell for David Beckham. American soccer is still waiting for its Jeremy Lin.
Australia qualify for 2013 East Asia Football Federation Championship by destroying Taiwan 8-0, scoring five goals in 30 minutes. They win aggregate goals against North Korea.
Indonesia, Philippines, and Singapore field teams composed of naturalized players in the ASEAN Football Federation Cup. Indonesia lose to Malaysia 0-2 and draw with Laos 1-1, and Indonesian fans treat the news apathetically.
FIFA extends its deadline for Indonesian FA to settle its internal dispute for three months, Sepp Blatter gleefully says that he’s giving a holiday gift to Indonesia.
The resurgence of Thai football is annulled by Singapore, whose 30+ years old foreigners help the Lions to win the AFF Cup. Singapore’s best players, however, are Shahril Ishkak and Khairul Amri. Both of them play for Singapore LionsXII, a guest team in the Malaysian Super League (and the runner ups of the 2012 season).
Ulsan Hyundai become the first Asian team to fail to qualify to FIFA Club World Cup Semi Finals after lost 1-3 to Monterrey. In the fifth place match against Hiroshima, Hisato Sato proves that he’s the better striker than Lee Keun-ho and Kim Shin-wook.
Shinji Kagawa win AFC’s first ever “International Player” award, effectively the award for the best Asian player in the world. His competitors are forty years old Mark Schwarzer and Yuto Nagatomo. In Asia, the best player is Lee Keun-ho, and below him are Ali Karimi and Zheng Zhi.
Posted in Asian Leagues, Asian National Teams, Asian Overseas, Continental, Editorial, Uncategorized	| Tagged 2012, 2012 AFF Suzuki Cup, 2014 FIFA World Cup, A-League, Adelaide United, AFC Champions League, Alberto Zaccheroni, Alessandro del Piero, Ameri Ichinose, Australia, Brian Ching, Brisbane Roar, Bunyodkor, Buriram, Cardiff City, China, Consadole Sapporo, CSKA, Didier Drogba, Guangzhou Evergrande, Indonesia, Internazionale, J. League, Japan, Jeonbuk Hyundai, K-League, Keisuke Honda, Khairul Amri, Kim Shi-wook, Korea, Lee Keun-Ho, LionsXII, Mark Schwarzer, Mauricio Molina, Nicolas Anelka, North Korea, Olyroos, Park Chu-Young, Park Jong-woo, Perth Glory, Philippines, PSSI, QPR, review, Ryo Miyaichi, Ryoichi Maeda, S. League, Sanfrecce Hiroshima, Sangju Sangmu Phoenix, Shahril Ishkak, Shanghai Shenhua, Shinji Kagawa, Shinji Ono, Singapore, Socceroos, Sydney FC, Tim Cahill, Ulsan Hyundai, Uzbekistan, Vegalta Sendai, Western Sydney Wanderers, Yairo Yau, Yuki Ogimi, Yuto Nagatomo	| Leave a reply
شرکت وکیوم آسیا به شماره ثبت 387756 دارای اندوخته‌ای گرانبها از دانش فنی و تجربه‌ بیش از دو دهه در زمینه طراحی، ساخت، تعمیر و فروش سیستمهای وکیوم و فشار یکی از برترینهای صنعت وکیوم می‌باشد. محاسبه، طراحی و ساخت همه گونه مدار بلوئرهای روتس و سیستمهای وکیوم زیر نظر مهندسین کارآزموده، تحویل و راه‌اندازی دستگاه‌ها در محل کارخانه بهمراه گارانتی و خدمات پس از فروش از دیگر زمینه‌های کاری این شرکت است.
A filk book published by Filthy Pierre in the 1970s which featured an enormous variety of filk lyrics (mostly copied from other filk books) in very, very tiny print. This was before there were established filk dealers, but filkers all over managed to get copies. Probably the real innovation here was to make the lyrics available easily at conventions.
rockridge furniture design college avenue oakland ca groups welcome apartments stores,furniture stores rockridge oakland design college avenue ca best new arrivals images on dining room,rockridge furniture design oakland ca stores college avenue entire central 2 upper flat apartments,rockridge furniture stores rock ridge cir realtorcom design college avenue oakland ca,rockridge furniture stores clearance design oakland ca,rockridge furniture design college avenue oakland ca stores dwell home furnishings interior sleeper sofas at,lee industries furniture design rockridge stores oakland,rockridge furniture design college avenue oakland ca stores chairs,studio block rockridge furniture design stores oakland ca,conscious construction furniture stores rockridge oakland design ca.
From the time Hollywood was invented, it has always been just as famous for its celebrity infamy as it was for its films – often, even more so.
Twihards really got their undies in a bunch when Kristen Stewart was caught cheating on her boyfriend and co-star, Robert Pattinson with the director of her latest film. While hooking up on a Hollywood set is par for the course, the superstar couple’s legions of fans were blindsided by this event, some of whom posted distressed YouTube videos expressing their dismay.
The ever-disgraceful Lindsay Lohan topped even herself when she got arrested after punching out a rival in a New York City nightclub. Seems LaLohan had her eye on a guy and didn’t like competing for him with another woman. From lifting jewelry to hit and run accidents, no wonder the starlet is barely able to practice her craft. In fact, her personal life has become far more interesting than any of her films have ever been.
It wasn’t enough that he beat in the face of his girlfriend, Rihanna, as bad boy Chris Brown demonstrated with his misogynistic Tweets, prompting him to temporarily shut down his Twitter account. Also, he destroyed a hotel room and got into brawls with rivals Drake and Frank Ocean. Now it is also alleged that due to his mother’s connections, he did not complete his assigned community service, which could be one of the reasons he continues to behave so badly.
When Katie Holmes blindsided her husband, Tom Cruise Mission Impossible style, the town was set ablaze with speculation. Given his devotion to Scientology, it is more than evident that his religious practices had something to do with Katie’s divorce from the exuberant and controversial actor.
When songbird Whitney Houston was found dead the night before the Grammy Awards in the very hotel where a pre-Grammy party was to take place, the irony took on a tragic tone. Despite the fact that she appeared to be getting her life on track, her untimely death overshadowed her enormous talent due to her erratic behavior, tumultuous marriage to Bobby Brown and her drug and alcohol use.
When actor John Travolta was sued by a male masseuse for alleged assault and sexual battery, his sexual preferences were again being questioned. As in the past, more speculations and lawsuits continued, suggesting that John Travolta had been sexual with men in the past and therefore may actually be gay.
Known for its decadence, every year Hollywood promises to bring more scandals due to both actual and alleged salacious and controversial behavior. The year is young, however, 2013 will most likely be no different as the rich and notable indulge in behavior that seems to become more infamous each year.
June 9, 2009 9am – There will be a Florida State Revenue Estimating Impact Conference scheduled by The Office of Economic & Demographic Research on Tuesday, June 9, 2009 at 9:00 a.m. in the Knott Building, #117, Tallahassee
WE DID IT! It could not have happened without your untiring help... above and beyond any expectation! The Adam Nous Academy is now a nonprofit educational organization - 501(c)(3). We are qualified to receive tax deductible bequests, devises, transfers or gifts under Section 2055, 2106, or 2522, as a public charity, effective June 27, 2017. "Thank you" is hardly enough to say for all your help. You are a blessing! With Best Regards, Gere Timberlake Adam Nous Accademy Navarre, FL
Asian dating - free online dating service for singles & personals 2,137 likes 114 talking about this is 100% free asian. Meet hot girls and cute guys like 31 year old female jenm77 from sanger, california that are looking to meet people on our hot or not free online dating site. Sanger's best free dating site 100% free online dating for sanger singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in sanger looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with.
Here's a new, free online dating social network that offers lots of handy features that can help you in your quest for friendship or romance. Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of catholic singles join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site.
100% free online dating in sanger 1,500,000 daily active members. My free personals is a 100% completely free personals site why would you pay to find a date friends help friends find true love here.
Meet sanger straight singles for online dating in with loveawake 100% free online dating site we are than just a dating site, we find compatible singles from sanger, california, united states looking for a straight relationship.
Chat online in sanger, united states with over 330m members on badoo, you will find someone in sanger make new friends in sanger at badoo today.
Meet singles in sanger interested in dating new people on zoosk date smarter and meet more singles interested in dating.
Webdate is online dating for free chat with singles and find your match after browsing member pictures from all over the world webdate is the worlds best 100% free online personals and dating service. Free online personals whether you're looking for a night of passion or a long-term relationship, there's a personals site for that the ones listed here are free to browse, to set up a profile, and to communicate with others via message or email, whether you initiate the contact or the other person does. Free online dating for sanger singles, sanger adult dating - page 1. Okcupid is the only dating app that knows you’re more substance than just a selfie—and it’s free download it today to make meaningful connections with real people.
There's a magical stretch of the Danube river that's known as the 'Tuscany of Austria'. Hills rise in the mist above the Wachau valley, and between fairytale towns of ornate, pastel coloured historic buildings, wineries line the river banks and hillsides.
It's a region best visited by river cruise. Our AmaWaterways Danube river cruise brought us right to the doorstep of this legendary destination.
In this MeettheMakerstv.com, we disembark our ship to visit a vineyard in Krems, where the vintner's tour reveals the winery's history as well as a new taste for interactive, modern art.
shelving ideas for books book shelves and shelves have always been an important part of the decor of home and the books themselves can serve as decorative objects for their own wall shelving ideas for.
Multi-billion dollar entertainment district planned in Delaware County could bring thousands of jobs
British Prime Minister Theresa May and her government have agreed a "business-friendly" plan for Brexit. Announced at the end of a crucial summit on Friday, the proposal seeks to preserve frictionless goods trade with the European Union, and avoid the ...
UK Prime Minister Theresa May with her Brexit 'War Cabinet' at her last away-day at Chequers in February
Thomson ReutersBritish firms are widely opposed to the "max-fac" solution for post-Brexit customs favoured by ministers including Boris Johnson and David Davis, according to a landmark survey of 800 business leaders.
The news comes as Theresa May prepares for crunch talks on Friday which could ultimately define the shape of Brexit — and customs is one of the biggest sticking points.
LONDON — British businesses have overwhelmingly rejected the post-Brexit customs solution favoured Boris Johnson and David Davis, according to a landmark survey of 800 business leaders,
As British ministers prepare for high-stakes Brexit crunch talks on Friday, more than twice as many members (54%) of the Institute of Directors said they would opt to maintain "near-frictionless" trade with just 24% saying they would be happy to rely on the untested technological-based solutions known as "max-fac" proposal.
The survey indicated that most business leaders want to stay as closely aligned to the EU as possible. Fifty-five percent of those polled said their priority on standards and regulations was "minimising the potential for regulatory divergence with the EU to maintain as much of our existing market access as possible."
Just 15%, meanwhile, said that tailoring British regulations at the cost of EU access was their priority.
The findings come as Theresa May prepares for crunch talks on Friday which could ultimately define the shape of Brexit. More than two years after the UK voted to leave the EU, the 29-strong UK Cabinet does not have a settled negotiating position on almost any element of Brexit talks.
Customs is one of the principal sticking points with the prime minister continuing to push a form of "customs partnership" — seen as a softer form of Brexit — which is vehemently opposed by Leave-supporting ministers like Johnson and Davis because it would retain EU infrastructure and prevent Britain from signing independent trade deals.
Most pro-Brexit ministers favour "max-fac" which would use technology to manage the UK border with the EU which does not currently exist.
The research from the Institute of Directors comes as business groups ramp up their warnings over the dangers of a hard Brexit.
The British Chambers of Commerce on Tuesday urged politicians to cast aside "squabbling" and provide certainty on its negotiating position, echoing frustrations from Airbus and BMW last week they could be forced out of the UK if ministers do not reach decisions by the summer.
Boris Johnson reportedly replied with the comment "f**k business". Johnson declined under questioning by MPs to deny making the comments.
business casual business business insider business card business lease business english business model canvas business intelligence business class business casual dress code
Five observations from Wizards' win over the Miami Heat with big games from Austin Rivers and Jeff Green
Regardless of how you feel inside, always try to look like a winner. Even if you are behind, a sustained look of control and confidence can give you a mental edge that results in victory.
We gathered the latest news, trends and if you starting from our website you'll always be up to date.
During Day 2, of my trip to amazing Corfu Island in Greece I was wearing a beige sand colored leather cargo pants. Mi…
Sat, 29 Oct 2016 Old men cartoon having with gay porn teenage boys and naked men cumming on video gay Now
Get Old men cartoon having with gay porn teenage boys and naked men cumming on video gay Now tube video
Mon, 31 Oct 2016 Old hairy cartoon gay doctor gay porn and doctor abuse porn gallery snapchat I felt his
Get Old hairy cartoon gay doctor gay porn and doctor abuse porn gallery snapchat I felt his tube video
Tue, 01 Nov 2016 Old seniors cartoon gay sex gay porn Josh Bensan is kind of a man eater. He has a entire
Get Old seniors cartoon gay sex gay porn Josh Bensan is kind of a man eater. He has a entire tube video
Sun, 06 Nov 2016 Old men cartoon boy gay gay porn sex stories His licks his way down the pecker as he moves
Get Old men cartoon boy gay gay porn sex stories His licks his way down the pecker as he moves tube video
Sun, 06 Nov 2016 Old gay cartoon doctor story gay porn This morning I received a fax from the football
Get Old gay cartoon doctor story gay porn This morning I received a fax from the football tube video
Sun, 06 Nov 2016 Old teacher cartoon and young gay porn boy student hot gay sex nude I asked Blake how he
Get Old teacher cartoon and young gay porn boy student hot gay sex nude I asked Blake how he tube video
Tue, 08 Nov 2016 Old man cartoon young boy gay porn gay sex pix First of all, he's cute, he has a supreme
Get Old man cartoon young boy gay porn gay sex pix First of all, he's cute, he has a supreme tube video
Tue, 08 Nov 2016 old men cartoon sex gay gay porn Does nude yoga motivate more than roasting people?
Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 Gay-cartoons-porn.com
Sun, 27 Nov 2016 Free college cartoon boy physical gay porn austin and gay teens fucked by older brothers
Get Free college cartoon boy physical gay porn austin and gay teens fucked by older brothers tube video
Thu, 02 Feb 2017 Outdoor cock cartoon play men gay porn and senior old nude outdoor and movie outdoor gay
Get Outdoor cock cartoon play men gay porn and senior old nude outdoor and movie outdoor gay tube video
Sun, 22 Jan 2017 Asian twinks cartoon nude tube gay porn and gay medical exams porn video xxx We had the
Get Asian twinks cartoon nude tube gay porn and gay medical exams porn video xxx We had the tube video
Sun, 05 Feb 2017 Gay slave cartoon outdoor and gay porn men show off there dicks in public and gay teen
Get Gay slave cartoon outdoor and gay porn men show off there dicks in public and gay teen tube video
Tue, 28 Feb 2017 Asian male cartoon college nude gay porn masturbating and stories of college guys in
Tue, 07 Feb 2017 Asian porn cartoon male models gay porn photos and gay porn hot sex teen emo tubes and
Mon, 25 Jul 2016 Boy teen cartoon nude celebs gay porn and gay punishment sex movies Ashton said he wasn't
tags: men gay-sex college gay-porn twink broken paid gay broken-straight money reality broken-boy gaymen amateur
Get Boy teen cartoon nude celebs gay porn and gay punishment sex movies Ashton said he wasn't tube video
Thu, 09 Feb 2017 Asian boy cartoon feet movies gay porn and gay men naked movies legs up in the air and
Get Asian boy cartoon feet movies gay porn and gay men naked movies legs up in the air and tube video
Sun, 12 Feb 2017 Nude tube cartoon male medical gay porn and stories gay erection medical exam and gay teen
Get Nude tube cartoon male medical gay porn and stories gay erection medical exam and gay teen tube video
Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 www.Gay-cartoons-porn.com
At BreederFuckers handsome Lucas struts around the streets like he owns them. Popular. Young. Physically fit. Captain of his college’s football team. His status changes quickly once he’s lured down into a deep dark basement where two bad men strong arm him into submission. Now he’s nothing but meat for men to enjoy and train into being a proper 18 year old cock slave. Fresh from a work out his hairy pits and filthy trainers smell ripe and masculine. He’s bound in place so the men can have unimpeded access to his body. Once he’s restrained those track suit bottoms slide down so easily to reveal his tight muscular arse. Lucas’ breathing rapidly increases and his eyes shine with terror as the men perv over his body and destroy his clothes so that he now must remain permanently exposed. His penis is fondled by another man for the first time including having his long silky foreskin tugged on and his big full balls squeezed. Tied to the wall he’s made to give the answers these men want with a severe flogging given to his torso, cock and arse when he answers incorrectly. He may be able to protect his bum from his teammates in the shower but here his arse cheeks are spread to reveal his tight rubbery hole. The men ram their fingers up his hole making sporty Lucas thrash, moan and break out in a sweat all over. They want to leave him to think about his new position. His nipples are clamped and tied to his cock. A bucket is attached which Dave fills with piss so that his pert little nipples are yanked painfully down. Lucas is made excruciatingly aware of his nudity every second while he’s shackled down in this dank basement.
A Japanese office man catches his colleague watching porn on his office laptop and decides to satiate his sexual hunger.
New Jacket may possibly begin taking proposition wagers on sports as in the near future as Monday as say lawmakers hurry to move any up graded expenses in addition to Gov. Obtain the best strains, props and even dwell bets regarding every NBA Playoff online game. When anyone have a options contracts wager, your individual it’s likely that “locked for. very well Meaning if perhaps you gamble the Redskins at 12-1, you will certainly get reaped rewards at 12-1 odds, reliable sports book later manages the the chances to 6-1, with regard to instance). Basketball Parlays: Dozens staff on the very same wager. The best bargain by simply far immediately is utilizing Coral exactly who are delivering 20 absolutely free bets at new apllications when anyone wager just simply certain don’t fret we shall end up being harmonizing this unique too. Go through the prime ideal opt-in form within this web site, visit ‘live streams’ and let your sporting activities competence point you in order to your up coming live bet. ramkaperevertish.com
2. tutorial If any sport can be terminated as well as halted, often the victorious one is certainly determined by simply the main review after the previous full inning unless the very home workforce scores that will tie, or possibly takes the exact lead within the bottom half of the inning, in which case the champion is motivated by the actual score when i bought it the game is called. NCAA director Indicate Emmert has candidly talked about typically the potential for some sort of carveout regarding institution sports activities around any upcoming betting the legislation. The costs will not require Nj gambling dens to express timely gameplay data files, which usually unions state that they need for you to mixture together with other states’ data to distinguish suspicious task.
If the very bettors normally requires 2 NBA video game titles from 6. five it will eventually fine-tune the affected person proposition wagers which price. With our rating, we tend to tier up most of the CS: CHOOSE betting web-sites that agrees to bets created using real funds. As compared to internet physical activities bet web-sites, MyBookie is created in 2012 by way of online video games founders which saw a need to boost services in which so a lot of others was unable. Nj and other declares are race for a part of the particular predicted $150 million put in on against the law annual gamble in typically the United Says, following on from the Ough. Nasiums. Best Courts around Might overturned your 1992 regulations the fact that acquired stopped sporting playing except for for a couple of locations.
We’ll subsequently rate upward in addition to add it all on for you to this internet bets blog, making it possible for all people to observe it all and also side bet into it. Searching for a good considerably more designed online betting feel? This basketball winter, $58 thousand around criminal wagers is going to be positioned on NFL and college activities. Sportsbook has to be your source to find the best in sporting activities betting celebration. Among Vegas gamblers, the game of golf is regarded among the list of couple of fastest-growing activities in order to gamble about auto bike racing is definitely the other. The victims in typically the case are definitely the major United states sports associations the NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE, NBA, NHL and Big League Soccer along through the NCAA and the main Ough. Ings. Doj.
Often the preferred party gives lessen odds than will the under dog, as a result, that serves typically as an attraction to adopt the main dog with regard to a much better payout. Because of satellite provides nourishment to from racetracks around the actual united states, Rompu Vegas is usually a sort of nirvana meant for horses speeding bettors or “horseplayers, micron as they are from time to time called. Aided bet functions by rescheduling out the main chance regarding the back’ bet on the online betting shops by sportsbook against your own self at the exact same probabilities know while laying’ some bet which you’ll do on a betting trading. 30 Pete Rose, the main all-time MLB leader with hits, has been similarly suspended from martial arts in 1989 for playing on video games while he was a MLB manager.
Chase Loan Modification can help you through this tumultuous financial time. If you have been struggling to pay your mortgage, for unforeseen circumstances, you may contact your bank, in my case, Chase Bank, for what is called a loan modification.
It is similar to a refinance, but for individuals who have seen a sudden financial setback, such as a debilitating illness (with huge medical bills, time taken off from work), or for those who have lost their job, usurped their savings and are now, well, unable to pay their mortgage.
It is a reduction in interest applied to your loan, so that you may continue to make your payments on time. It basically is the bank's way of extending the time you get to pay the loan back, while extending a lowered interest rate to you. Typically, you would have to have a good payment history, and really need the help to pay the loan.
It is a refinance, but for extenuating circumstances, such as losing your job in a deep recession; Egypt, suffering a major illness that is financially taxing (taking time off from work prior to disability kicking in, while you work on trying to heal, and while trying to pay major medical bills.)
If you have not accrued sufficient interest (loan-to-value ratio percentage) it may be nearly impossible to receive bank aid, via the loan modification. This causes a problem for an individual who recently purchased his / her home without a lofty down payment (zero down payment, 1% or 5% vs. traditional 20%.) If you have taken a home equity loan, have seen the value decrease Below your purchase price, you may not qualify for the loan modification.
In such cases, you may have to sell your property at a loss, or consider bankruptcy or other options, such as draining 401 (k), pension, or selling what it is you own. Otherwise, the Chase Loan Modification may be an option to help you maintain financial solvency during these rough times.
Quiz Mania is the flagship venture of the Accretive Media Private Limited. We embarked on our journey 6 years ago with a motto "Growing Together" and since then we have…
ISE 2018 was the largest and busiest Integrated Systems Europe in our 15-year history. Across all 15 halls, visitors experienced a vibrant showcase of the lates...
this 12segment reflow soldering which make our SMD lamp temperature go up and go down slowly and properly properly .which like offer comfortable massage to our...
According to a report by Russian satellite network on May 5, a new report released by Arctic Council Arctic Monitoring and Evaluation Plan (AMAP) Working Group ...
Add satin fabric with eye-catching artful pattern to your party decorations! The pattern is perfect for modern weddings and the sleek satin is sure to add a touch of style! Have fun decorating with this light and vibrant satin fabric from Balsa Circle!
(Final Result) Recruitment of Customer Relationship Executive in SBI "Advt. No. CRPD/SCO-WM/2015-16/10"
Disclaimer: BANK EXAM PORTAL is not at associated with any Bank or IBPS, For official website of IBPS visit - www.ibps.in
They don't mean a thing, being just a factor, in absolute sense without referring them to something (pressure, power, velocity, intensity, acceleration, an emission or immission level, whatever)
In the audio world they are often or mostly interpreted as sound pressure levels as measured by audio or measurement tools or levels to be read on an SLM (Sound Level Meter).
One could make an analogy (poetic license) with the use of the notion kilo which represents the factor 1000.
If one orders a kilo apples at the groceries, there is very little chance the shopkeeper will pack anything else than 1 kg (kilogram), and won't consider neither 1 km (kilometer) nor a kHz (kilohertz) worth of apples.
In popular speech a kilo refers to a weight, however kilo is a general prefix combined with numerous metric units.
When just calculating with dB's in dB's you don't need to wonder about this factor 10 or 20 times the log which just refers to the conversion of arithmetic units to dBs.
The difference between this 10 and 20 is the squared relationship between pressure and power/intensity.
The scales in dBs are in fact buildup and calculated in Bs (Bells or bels) but expressed in dBs (decibels = 1/10 bel).
Therefore in acoustic formulas you find these repeatedly divisions and multiplications by 10 (toggling between the logarithmic calculation scale and the way Bells or bels are expressed as a convention in dBs for pragmatic reasons).
If you want to divide the number of radiating sources by 5 or decreasing your level with a factor 5 then:
An arithmetic addition becomes a logarithmic "??? Hé ..., there is no lower level operator available ...":
The antilog (arithmetic equivalent) of a dB value of e.g. 74.5 dB is 10^(74.5/10) where the (74.5/10) is the conversion from dB to bels. The 1st 10 is the base of the logarithmic scale.
If you somewhere see dB values being subtracted, that operation shows an arithmetic division with a factor > 1 or > 100% OR a multiplication with a factor >0 and <1.
E.g. an amplifier set to -30 dB means that the amplifier is set to 10^(-30/10) = 0.001 = 0.1% of its nominal output.
This minus dB scale is nothing else than a logarithmic, in dB expressed, percentage versus the nominal maximum of 100%.
The solution for a subtraction is the comparable with the above addition. A roundabout via the arithmetic equivalents (antilogs) of the bel (not dB) values is required.
Let's remove 1 sound source of 79.3 dB from a room with 5 sources totaling 84.8 dB (number of sources doesn't matter, the total level at the measurement point is defining)
Again this is an energetic calculation, not taking phase influence into account (uncorrelated sound)
Note: if the 2nd term is equal or larger than the 1st term resulting in a 0 or negative (olive colored) arithmetic value the calculation WILL return an error for the same simple fact that logarithms just can't work with, or express 0 or negative values in the arithmetic sense of the concepts.
You just can't express in dB that there is no sound and you certainly can't express negative sound in dB.
When calculating with dBs as factors (main operators) one doesn't need a workaround via pressure, intensity or whatever the scale can refer to.
Logarithmic calculations (hence and therefore dBs as well) are just a mathematical way of calculating in itself.
Once one needs to take phase relationships and superposition into account things become different, because then the physics and math related to interference, superposition and so on comes into the picture, forcing you to start from the basics.
It's logical that if you add or remove sources altering the interference pattern and you want to calculate levels on certain spots you have to take these possible reflections, reinforcements and cancelations, etc. into account.
This logarithmic math is used to cover for the non-linearity of our hearing and the enormous dynamic range involved between low and high levels.
People are that used to arithmetic reasoning that conclusions are drawn which are wrong or only correct in an insignificant manner and therefore not or hardly to the point.
If you want more in-depth details and math about dBs and sound propagation, as well as the relationship of dB's versus their respective reference units (in APPENDIX) look in this document:
this game has SLOW and FAST simulation options!! I do not know differences and impact on replays. I guess everyone has set up a fast simulation option. Gutix's replay ran OK with both options.
The game runs some relatively heavy code during startup and measures how much time it takes. Based on the amount of time, the game runs in either 10 FPS or 20 FPS IIRC. DosBox' emulation flags obviously affect the timing code. Also the FPS is saved in replays, which affects how the replay is played back on other slower/faster machines as well.
I think almost all bugs in Stunts has something with over/uderflow of registers/variables. If I understand correctly game_pc.exe is a re-compiled executable. Are you there are registers/variables exactly the same size as in the original game?
The stunts code that has been ported to C so far has been written carefully to retain any important weirdness, so indeed the registers/variables should be exactly the same size as in the original game.
Looks like its been almost a year since anybody last worked on this. The source can be browsed in its entirety online here:
keyboard support, math routines, 2d/3d shape loading and rendering are areas where there have been great progress. testers are encouraged to give this new version a spin.
note there is a section of code missing causing premature program termination at the end of the intro and when entering the track editor. alas, not everything works yet.
the link is for fun, but the purpose of this program is to demonstrate the minimum code that renders a 3d mesh on screen. hopefully the same program will compile and run on windows+SDL not too far in the future.
It is not a perfect conversion, things like modulation and pitch bend (?) are not converted. C++ source code for the converter is included.
There are also MIDI files from the game on this page: http://stunts.kalpen.de/specials.htm, however these are not related.
i believe we are past the biggest initial obstacles now. hopefully the next months will require mostly "mindless" porting from asm to c. the following pages are updated whenever something happens:
if anyones interested to join the effort, we still hang out on irc on #stunts/efnet. feel free to ask there, and we'll provide access to source codes, tools and scripts to get going. our tool chain has been tested on windows xp.
restunts.exe currently features 40+ functions coded by dstien and i, running nicely side-by-side with the original code. the functions ported so far are related to file loading+writing and memory management. llm also gave valuable feedback in early critical phases.
the project has come to the point where the original game executable is successfully disassembled and recompiled back into a new executable:
could interested people please download this exe, put it in your stunts directory and give it a test run? id like to hear about any problems/crashes/etc. feedback is welcome here or on irc #stunts /efnet
thats a mad cool project, but apparently the original ffe was written for 32-bit to begin with (borlands dpmi extender to be specific). that simplifies things dramatically from a porting point of view since e.g access to pointer variables and structs containing pointers is basically not a problem. thus most of their disassembly can be copy/pasted without any processing. our case however will require quite a bit of manual fixing to run on 32-bits. that said, i'm still gonna check the output of ndisasm at some point.
the script spits out an .asm file for each function and an .inc for each segment in the currently open ida-project. still a work in progress. i was able to compile all functions in stunts into separate .obj files using tasm and a few minor adjustments. which is pretty neat, but then linking with tlink failed miserably. i believe the linking issue can be resolved by reorganizing the script a bit to either 1) output an .asm per segment rather than per function, or 2) reduce the number of publics/externs in the asm-files. but i havent found time for it yet.
please let me know how we can get in touch. I can pass you my e-mail and Skype IDs and will be glad to participate in the IRC
irc is an ancient yet popular way to chat in real time. you need an irc client such as irssi on linux or mirc on windows, connect it to irc.efnet.org and join the channel #stunts. we're two people in there right now
so far i've probed into automating idapro with .idc-scripts. i really like the idea of automating idapro to generate a compilable and extendable project. such a script would have to do something like this:
- also, the datasegment must be split into at least two files, since the source code is too big for tasm
if this turns out to work, we will have a working exe compiled from the disassembly and the possibility to start porting to C. further reverse engineering can still take place in idapro. e.g when a new variable is discovered and properly renamed, the source files can simply be re-generated from scratch by executing the idc. already-ported c functions may still need to have symbol names back-ported manually, but i still believe this approach would be more convenient than porting everything by hand.
there might turn up some interesting issues related to optimizations made by the original compiler. and lateron the script needs some features related to porting, e.g generate c headers and ignore already ported functions.
here's my attempt at an idc so far. its not usable for anything, but i learnt a great deal when writing it. it was left like this a few days ago, some parts are commented out after testing the built-in method to generate the assembly:
1- Do not abandon the game support for pure DOS! This is an opportunity to support the FreeDOS project. Stunts was born a DOS application and it can still be improved with 32bit code without necessarily having to separate from DOS. Make sure any new code can also be compiled to run under pure DOS. I can dedicate to that myself.
2- MASM and TASM are not very comfortable to receive decompiled code because of the way they structure the sources (ASM files)... having lots of required directives. I strongly suggest Flat Assembler: http://flatassembler.net
in regards to prefered compilers, assemblers etc, i dont really care. in the beforementioned approach the output can presumably be formatted to suit any assembler. if fasm can compile ida's output with less hassle, then im all for it. the ultimate end-result wouldn't depend on any assembler anyway, so i propose whoever makes (and shares) an idb+idc that produces a compilable project gets to decide on the assembler.
i need help with "everything". i'll likely resume coding on the idc whenever time permits, unless somebody does it before me. or comes up with a better approach where i can participate. im open for good suggestions.
everybody are also welcome to join on irc in #stunts/efnet. im still alone in there, hardcore idling
i just saw the differences beween 4.9 and (i think) a recent 5.x version - and it produces a much better and smaller output
ok. sounds like its worth further investigation. perhaps even to the point its worth starting almost from scratch again in idapro, but using sane naming conventions etc. at least the existing work could be used as a reference.
tried to locate some ancient microsoft c compilers as well (apparently used for the original game), but google wouldnt tell me. tasm+turboc may be just as good, idapros output should be compatible with tasm.
ive done some investigation into the tasm-approach. for example, just passing the entire .asm-file to tasm doesnt work too well; after getting rid of the obvious errors it stops on "out of memory", presumably and hopefully due to a too large code file.
to get past that, it would be obvious to split game.asm into many smaller ones, which can be assembled and linked separately. like one function per file. but, unless the work in idapro is completely done, one would have to backport any new discoveries in idapro back to the separated .asm-files manually.
so to workaround that, its maybe an idea to automate the process of splitting game.asm into smaller pieces. either as a script that parses game.asm and spits out many smaller ones, or finding or writing a plugin for idapro that does the job directly. this would allow testing+porting in tc/tasm and further reverse engineering iteratively. im guessing a script is the most efficient way to split up game.asm anyway.
alas im stuck with other stuff atm, so i wont be able to follow through with any of this in the near future though.
i did use the freeware 4.1 version, which is rather old. mostly out of habit. after reading into collabreate, ive installed a newer version and upgraded the .idb, but havent really progressed any further. using the newer version still feels annoying due to some changed hotkeys.
to follow up on an earlier post, i was trying to port the disassembly to inline 32-bit assembler in msvc. which is now on hold. fixing the related pointer issues is possible with a well-planned approach (and even trivial with a smaller program), but now its turning into a mess.
so im still considering how to move forward. maybe making an intermediate 16-bit port in turbo c + tasm as the first step... or maybe look for a plugin for ida that helps porting single functions... ideas are most welcome.
most obvious point of failure i can think of is not uncompressing the datafiles with stunpack in advance. dunno.
for convenience, heres a zip with the vs project, including the final game.exe both uncompressed and cracked;
If we could make the manual decompilation process a collaborative effort it'll speed up the job. The collabREate approach looks interesting.
ooh, collabreate looks like a good tool for sharing the effort, considering a regular versioning tool wont work with idapros .idb-file.
im gonna have to try and set up collabreate in a local vm for testing. alas i dont have access to a suitable public server. if anyone here wants to set up a collabreate-server for the task, ill support it for sure.
1. With the information you have already dissected is it possible to locate the materials table and the colour palette(s) used to build it?
2. After locating materials and palettes, how hard would it be to make a patch for modifying the default colours of sky and ground? Or, more ambitiously, to substitute materials entirely?
well, this depends.. of course there is the 768 bytes "!pal"-structure in sdmain.vsh. thats the global 256-color palette used throughout the entire game. tweaking it may have unexpected side effects though.
from what ive learned so far, it is possible to tweak hard coded material assignments for all the individual tile types. e.g render a normal road as icy road, or rotate, move or replace a shape with another one. this could be done before, but not without modifying the 3d files themselves. but the ground and the sky are handled in special ways, and i cant tell which color indexes are used for those.
also, there should indeed be a material index table in there somewhere. it has mappings between the 3d shape materials/paintjobs and the global "!pal" palette. i've ripped some stuff from stressed in order to get the colors in my d3d-rendering correct, but havent located this in the disassembly either.
The little reverse engineering project has continued at full pace. Check out the latest .asm-dump from idapro:
While a lot of analysis remains, the disassembly now has many better-named functions and variables and a bunch of structs. The readability is much improved. Big chunks of the data segment was identified, including tables with mappings between track-tiles and 3D-shapes with rotation, materials, etc.
On a side note, a greater plan is starting to emerge. I've reconstructed enough of the resource manager and original memory layout to code a .trk-viewer-app under windows/d3d. Its pretty lame, so no betas, screenshots nor source code yet. It is meant as a testbed for analyzing and porting assembly from the disassembled stunts game executable. This way the vital parts of the game engine could be reimplemented in inline 32-bit x86 msvc-assembly with only minor changes. Further porting to C/C++ and other platforms would of course be for later.
There are approx 25000+ lines of code (out of 100000+) that are relevant to the core game engine and needs to be ported. So far only 1500 lines in 3 functions were ported in a couple of hours. There is work for at least a few weeks-to-months for somebody with a lot of spare time
All data is written to multiple disks instantly, backed up daily, and stored in multiple locations. Files that our customers upload are stored on servers that use modern techniques to remove bottlenecks and points of failure.
All credit card transactions are processed using secure encryption — the same level of encryption used by leading banks. Card information is transmitted, stored, and processed securely on a PCI-Compliant network.
Our servers — from power supplies to the internet connection to the air purifying systems — operate at full redundancy. Our systems are engineered to stay up even if multiple servers fail.
Our state-of-the-art servers are protected by biometric locks and round-the-clock interior and exterior surveillance monitoring. Only authorized personnel have access to the data center. 24/7/365 onsite staff provides additional protection against unauthorized entry and security breaches.
Our software infrastructure is updated regularly with the latest security patches. Our products run on a dedicated network which is locked down with firewalls and carefully monitored. While perfect security is a moving target, we work with security researchers to keep up with the state-of-the-art in web security.
Summary: The last step of the dts package, populate account codes delta, is taking 8+ hours to complete.
Solution: Repairing SMR 23440 : IFM dts package 215 delta populate account codes delta step is taking 8 hours problem can not be that easy. To solve SMR 23440 : IFM dts package 215 delta populate account codes delta step is taking 8 hours problems effectively and efficiently, install a good SMR 23440 : IFM dts package 215 delta populate account codes delta step is taking 8 hours Error Removal Tool is a smart solution. This is definitely your ideal tool to solve SMR 23440 : IFM dts package 215 delta populate account codes delta step is taking 8 hours problem in the shortest time.
SmartPCFixerâ„¢ is not only able to troubleshoot SMR 23440 : IFM dts package 215 delta populate account codes delta step is taking 8 hours error, but also help identify and fix Windows' invalid registry entries. By running Scan & Cleaner as part of scheduled maintenance, it will keep your PC from freezing or frequent crashes . Using it will reduce the probability of you getting a "blue screen", program not responding or lock up.
SmartPCFixer provides you with Registry Backup, System Backup, Favorites Backup and Folder Backup. In addition, the new built-in function of Restore Point enables you to create a system store point so you can recover your system to a previous state if you do not like the changes you have made. This ensures the safety of your system when you run the registry repair process.
Acai Berry As Colon Cleanser Above all, you need zloto gielda zarobki w internecie zarabiam w internecie zarobki w internecie na czym mozna dobrze zarobic zarobki przez internet jak zarobic na internecie a positive attitude. If you would like to lose weight, have got to recognize you reach your goals with help. Although the natural ingredients found acai fruit might help you get rid of weight is your mind that you drive perform harder. Thus, a positive attitude is very important if you retain a body lean and fit do for the rest of your day-to-day lives. There are plenty of health primary advantages of Acai drugs. First here are some benefits associated with acai berry cleanse reviews help. They are rich in antioxidants. The antioxidants neutralize the free radicals in ingest at least. These free radicals otherwise attack your body cells and damage him. The Acai contain maximum stages of antioxidants together with other foods. Many increase which mean adding fruit juice to a number of merchandise touting the benefits of this fruit and its antioxidant places. Some of the claims tend to legitimate than others. When scientists and researchers took a better look in the 14 day acai berry cleanse, no matter what found was impressive. It contained a person of the largest quantities of antioxidants incorporated into any fruit or vegetable. These antioxidants, if need to already know, help our bodies fight off dangerous toxins. Free radicals are in order to attack healthy cells, cause malignant cell changes, and consequently they are even asked speed inside effects of aging. Why end up being the people doubtful and uncertain pertaining to utilizing brand new strain berry? Your current those that reason out that they won't make utilization of any Maqui product as it can get still lacks more examination. A couple of them still opt to use acai berry pronunciation items as it has been checked by experts for most years now. The acai berry pronunciation has actually gone through several years of testing while the Maqui has actually only been checked for a while. Lipase, the enzyme that breaks down fat for digestion, is absent in cooked dishes. The traditional Eskimos ate millions of fats, but had been holding all eaten raw with the lipase whole. Dr. V.E. Levine of Omaha, Nebraska, examined 3,000 traditional Eskimos during three trips to the Arctic and located only one overweight certain person.
Don't Buy Acai Berry Until You Read This The downside to zloto sztabki waluty gielda zloto sztabki jak zarobic kase przez neta zloto sztabki gielda zlota zloto inwestycja sposoby zarabiania w domu buying on the internet is that the online world is filled up with ill-intentioned beings that generally looking to earn rapid buck. Be extra careful when buying your the acai fruit pills online and be bound to check on customer testimonials on both product's website as well as using their company sources. For obvious reasons, don't obtain from shabby-looking websites that do not exude professionalism and reliability. The slimming pill that can certainly all supplements in the market today! If you can't say for sure what I'm talking about then clearly you're the particular touch. Since its debut in diet plan world, all eyes take prescription acai capsules. The great benefits of Acai capsule are undeniable, near incredible. People have given their testimonials of its potency. Your Queen of Talk, Oprah, has endorsed the product and has named it the top super food in industry. If Oprah and other celebs do not convince in which case you let me tell the many primary advantages of Acai medicine.The Acai berry is from an exclusive type of palm tree that generally found involved with the Amazon. These dark purple berries have a thin layer of edible pulp. The berries to be able to used for years by the tribes for the Amazon jungle for its medicinal value. The Suddenly acai slim upon combination of herbal products as meal replacement shakes, supplements, and diet remedies. These are eradicating suppress the appetite, and after to raise the levels of your energy within the body while also speeding the metabolism. Additional, these kinds of are meant to cleanse and detoxify our bodies as skillfully. The result is eventually pounds reduction because cups of water burns extra calories. Many third party sites claim to offer "miracle" pills and cheaper "alternatives" to the company. But the fact is whenever you need to buy acai berry pills that has got the same expertise of the trial product that you took, then it only makes sense to get back and obtain the manufacturer directly. My general rule of thumb is that, seeking for pills, if hypothesis too good to be true, then it probably is considered. There tend to be so many acai free-trial offers emerging all during the internet lately which has given simply because they not only option anxiety about which one to choose, truly adds as their confusion about which ones are not scams. Well the facts that nearly every one of these offers have a trap within and a person know tips on how to deal with it, require it and it get stolen. But don't go out and buy acai just yet because i'm going to teach you what you'd like to do so you do not get scammed additionally tell you that recently some within the leading acai companies come to be charging approximately $1.95 as an alternative to $4.99 or $5.99 to aid their shipping and handling levies.
A new hairpiece is surely an instant remedy for those Wigs being affected by hair thinning troubles. Additionally it is a terrific way to be seem diverse in a outfit social gathering. Hairpieces are really simple to receive and employ and they are generally helpful as well. In today's periods, putting on a new hairpiece is not very an upsetting expertise. Wigs get advanced you might say Hair Extensions in an attempt to suit your changing wants regarding individuals throughout the years. Equally artificial and also real hair hair pieces tend to be popular among men and women of varied age groups. Types of Black Hairpieces There are various forms of hair pieces you can find, the particular Black hair pieces being one amongst these people. Wigs can be bought in various price tags Human Hair Extensions with regards to the item as well as substance. Artificial Wigs For Sale fiber hair pieces are less expensive compared to real human hair hairpieces because the latter seems to be much more realistic. Real hair hairpieces are simple to sustain thus are more well-known. Swarthy complexioned individuals might go set for Black wigs throughout colors that may go well with their own Lace Front Wigs skin tone. These come in each darkish as well as light shades. However, the most popular Dark-colored hairpiece may be the Black hairpiece helping to make African American girls search beautiful and lovely. These types of hair pieces can be bought in a wide range of designs such as brief, prolonged, fluorescent, wavy, and straight. The size of the actual wig is extremely important. You should examine the hairpiece cautiously before selecting Wigs For Women to help you make certain that no one else has worn it before you.
Acai Berry - Why Is Acai Berry Supplement Useful To You? Is necessary certified choosing? There are many copycat companies now that are creating products that happen to be low in quality along with use the most beneficial process of extracting the juice for the berries. Most market . are aware of their bodies know in connection with health benefits of acai berry products. And may used for hundreds of years in The philipines by ancient medicine men of all ages. The people in the Improve just started using Acai in a newbie couple of years, because of several endorsements from singers. Acai fruit drink is analogous to acai fruit juice except minerals and vitamins less of the fruit. It will likely generally definitely product features more filtered water content than juice, and will surely have added ingredients like sugar or corn syrup. Acai Capsules are an exceptionally concentrated capsule or pill that is usually packed with several vitamins nutrients along with the acai fruit itself. Some of the additional nutrients include Phosphorus, Calcium, Potassium and valuable extra fat including Omega 6 and Omega being. Acai capsules are extremely easy to work into a good daily practice. For these reasons components . are many pregnant women way of utilizing Acai within a an acai weight loss program. The Amazonian fruit is a strong defense again serious medical conditions that lots of us deal with and escalating why its popularity has risen so very rapidly. Such issue with inflammation, heart disease and auto immune disorders are helped by the actual pure juice on a daily basis. It additionally be full of vitamin E among other vitamins that aid on look and feel of the skin. Having more energy is likely to make a powerful impact located on the way you live your daily. When you feel sluggish and exhausted at the end of the day, deals with thing well-developed to do is hit the gym or suffer through a grueling workout normal. You need energy to reduce fat - there is no way around it. An acai berry supplement significantly a jolt to your energy level - and a safe and secure one just too. You won't have to put at the the jitters that other weight loss supplements cause that allow you to be feel like your heart is just about to explode. ORAC (oxygen Radical Absorbance Capacity) score of noni fruit is 167. It efficacy in comparison to its anti oxidants can be gauged from the fact that blue berry's ORAC score is 32 and that Apple is 14. If to lower the number the luxury of working out all day, every day, you need to focus on what's happening inside entire body to aid you in getting the results you fancy. The best place to start is enhance your metabolism as up to possible. Swimming pool is vital metabolism burns away the fat you have in one's body. When you have a slow metabolism, the fat that the actual takes in is usually saved and builds up, giving you the lbs that you would rather not possess. http://bloglts.top/probolan-50/
African American citizen top lace wigs are some of the Wigs For Women most favored wigs for African United states Girls. Why? These are the most natural-searching. In fact, the most popular Wigs famous people who wear wigs - like Tyra Banking companies and Beyonce - favor African United states entrance lace wigs. Wait around... back... Tyra Banks and Beyonce use wigs? Hey there, nearly anyone in Hollywood has donned locks that is certainly not her at some time or other! It is merely that they dress in African American front side lace wigs, and that is certainly reasons why you Wigs For Women can't explain to. These wigs just look so natural! So, why do these front lace wigs look so natural? Effectively, to begin with, let it be stated that Wigs full lace wigs appear a lot more all-natural than top lace wigs - complete lace wigs might be fashioned in a number of approaches and also Wigs For Black Women donned up in ponytails without looking like a wig. The reason being the hair of full lace wigs (and entrance lace wigs) are Wigs one by one associated with the lace.
Hair extensions are not Hair Extensions a recent advancement. They reportedly existed from above 2000 yrs ago in Egyptian history, when men and women sported wigs Women experiencing the dilemma of getting an not enough expansion of normal your hair or individuals with slim locks adore experiencing hair extensions. These extensions could comprise of natural or man made supplies. Human locks extensions Human Hair Wigs can be bought in two features, referred to as Remy or virgin, the latter signifying that your hair will not be packaged or colored. Before cutting, this variety involves fastening hair to retain its direction from the cuticle. They stitch it onto a pre-bonded weft or convert to wigs. Remy signifies the set up where Human Hair Wigs every single wisp of hair is cautiously organized, keeping the origins jointly in a course as the recommendations are kept in other route. It can be convenient to preserve Remy hair which will not get ruffled very easily. Locks extensions are available in distinct need and types different functions for affixing on the locks. Numerous extensions use man-made or organic Brazilian Hair your hair for preparing. Normally, use a Wigs For Black Women hair shampoo for cleansing these kinds of your hair nevertheless these might need extra care for retaining their normal look and sparkle. The lifestyle of head of hair extensions is made a decision from the quality and type of hair Lace Front Wigs utilized for the purpose. These could previous for just a few days or perhaps half a year. It mostly depends upon how quickly locks expands using the bearer.
For this camping trip we had some family visiting from Australia and wanted to show them some of our favourite places in the Yorkshire Dales. We settled on Woodend Campsite which is located on a working farm of the same name just past the village of Austwick.
This was us last night after we had moved from the Ardenne to Dunkirk. Nice evening stroll along the beach too
Our new tripod barbecue is getting a lot of use on this trip (and a lot of attention from the other campers too!). https://t.co/mJUIjRtvAW
A couple more days left in Belgium before we move back to France for a few nights. First though, Formula 1 Grand Prix @ Spa-Franorchamps!
As I said last week, I’ll be joining share your world for the next couple of weeks, until Cee has reached her 1,000,000 views. 🙂
1. If you just want to play the game, download the files, read the first part of the thread and carry on (but if you are interested what this patch brings, read the thread).
3. This patch requires you to have Comm Patch #2 already installed. Otherwise IT WON'T WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just copy paste the two files over the comm patch #2 installed files and it will work.
- this patch fixes the chase near transparency issues with the trucks. There's a compromise as now objects far away in the distance might have transparency issues but they are pretty much near the end of the 120 max limit view. I know now what code is giving this issue but I don't know yet whether it's a DirectX5-7 limitation or TRI's code going off the rails somewhere.
- unlocked all 4 wheels. Now truck makers have to supply all 4 individual wheels + the original ones required by the game. (or just use the standard ones if you don't want to use different wheels)
Please don't start releasing trucks for this patch yet. While I do encourage you to start making trucks with this patch in mind (also we need to test out the patch so we need a few beta trucks), please bear in mind we have to test this and make sure there are no issues. The trucks need to be made compatible with the original MTM2 code (or at least it would be nice of you to do so. It's a simple process to keep the compatibility). I will also try and figure out a way to separate uploaded trucks on MTM2.com and signal them to be "enhanced" trucks or 2.1 as I call them.
Please read carefully. I have attached a .trk file to the download as an example of how 2.1 Enhanced trucks should be made.
This patch now allows for you to create trucks and have all 4 tires individual models. How is this achieved:
- You create the truck as you usually do and get everything ready to build the .pod file. Considering there is a lack of tools that supports 0.41, you will likely have to build the .pod file first and then use cpod to change and/or add files inside the pod. It's up to you how you want to make this happen. I will tell you what the pod needs for everything to work correctly.
- The pod file MUST contain tires that end with 16FL.BIN, 16FR.BIN, 16RL.BIN and 16RR.BIN These are self explanatory. It's front left, front right, rear left and rear right. 0.41 will search for these models to get the game going so you are now free to do whatever you want. You DO NOT NEED to add 10FL.BIN and 08FL.BIN etc (the supposedly lower detail tires). The game won't look for them.
- However. To keep compatibility with the original game. You MUST ALSO add the standard .bin files. So that means 16L.BIN, 16R.BIN, 10L.BIN, 08.BIN etc. There's also a good chance that the game won't run without having these inside the pod but I'm not sure.
Now that is done, the .trk file needs to be edited as well, otherwise the game won't register the new information. There's an example .trk in the download.
Once you change it to 2.1, the patch will know to look for the enhanced information. If you keep it as "MTM2 truckname" then the game will treat the truck as a standard MTM2 truck and won't look for the additional info nor for the additional tires (so you just use the standard .bin names)
- at the end of the file, after the Number of Lights and the actual number you must add the following:
These are my default ones that I have noticed work well but you are free to modify as you see fit. Only use integer numbers. So no . or ,
This information is MANDATORY that it comes there at the end. If you include it, 0.41 will pick it up and create a new axlebar that you are free to position vertically as you want. However all the other positioning is strictly tied to the original axlebar. If you don't include it then the game will not create a new bar. Also, the original mtm2 game will simply ignore this information so compatibility is achieved.
Personally I have added an explanation how this works in the example .trk file. You are free to chose whether you want to include that information or not. Please keep in mind that by including the information you might help others along the way.
I don't know if it matters, but here are my settings in the nvidia control panel. I don't think it matters because I don't have any shine through issues in my other 3 mtm2 folders that aren't showing up in the nvidia control panel.
So are you still getting shine through issues using chase near? And on all the trucks? For example in my case I used to see the springs in your HD trucks using chase near and now that doesn't happen anymore.
So this one patch solved the shine through and implementing the new rear tires and axle bars was easier than I could have hoped. Flipping awesome.
I can post the truck elsewhere if anyone wants it to play around with. Won't take a hell of a lot to convert the other trucks, the process above is pretty foolproof. Definitely opens up a whole new world for trucks in several ways.
I'll make some changes to the upload. I am thinking of doing them as 2.1 Custom, 2.1 Replica, 2.1 Repaint.
If you want you can upload it as Beta for now (and label it 2.1) and once I have the new system in place you can upload the others.
Well I'll be damned, the see through issue is now completely gone, and it only took ya like 12 months to fix it. Cheers Fila!
If there one thing I noticed in this patch however is the cameras for the rear and front at times becomes fixated on the trucks for like a few minutes/seconds, goes back to normal, and then becomes fixated over and over again, and it just so happens whenever Reflections (except for Truck Reflections.) is turned on. If I turn it off the problem goes away, but will come back the moment I turn it back on again.
I have always had that camera problem, all the way back to 1999 when I started playing. I have wondered about it but I haven't really looked into the code yet. Though I never had the problem last "minutes", just less than a second, more like the camera lags (always had it off since 1999 as it interfered with my racing). I will look into it to see if I get the same minutes problem.
Online play works fine. As long as the truck is set up correctly, 0.41+ can play with any of the prior game versions. If prior game versions have the truck mounted, it's just going to show up as standard on the previous versions (standard tires + one axle bar). If both have 0.41+ trucks show up correctly.
Upon further testing I have found that by fixing the truck see through issue, it messed up some tracks and generally tracks with flat surface (Crazy 98 for example). They will end up with crazy clipping issues. Reducing the visual distance to 100 solves the problem. I know, it sucks, you always want to go higher but until I can figure out exactly why it's doing this, a solid compromise is to keep visual distance at max 100. Tracks with non-flat terrain don't seem to be affected by this problem.
Try as I might, I have not been able to replicate the camera problem (with or without dgvoodoo). Even further, I have not been able to replicate the camera lag that I have always experienced since 1999 O_O
Ok, so I downloaded the patch and put it into my game folder. Now when I try to run it, first my anti virus flags the .exe. Then if I tell it to run anyway, I get an error saying: "Windows cannot access the specified device, path, or file. You may not have the appropriate permissions to access the item." this never happened until I tried to add the new stuff. I'll try and bump it back to patch 2 and see what happens
EDIT: Reverting it to patch 2 got it working again. I believe it is a problem with the executable, but I don't know if it's something specific to my antivirus (Avast Security) or my computer, if either.
Eh, it's from the same source as Comm Patch 2 and built using same machine. The only difference is that I reinstalled Windows 10 between patch 2 and this one.
Can you add monster.exe to ignore list on avast? It might be that it's detecting that it has the same name but a different size.
Had a notification from Avast this morning saying that it submitted the program for review and it came back clean. I re applied the patch and everything is golden now.
It probably did it because I haven't changed the actual file version number so avast probably had it logged with a certain size so that threw a tantrum when it read same file number and name but different size.
I've opened up the site for 2.1 trucks to be uploaded. From now on, when you upload a truck, you can select 2.1 Trucks from the drop down list. In time I might also make a separate 2.1 truck page (for example the way replicas have their own page).
I've uploaded one zip (Replacement) as a direct replacement TRUCK2.POD for the Community Patch - back up your old one, then extract the new one into the game folder and start it up! Choose Bigfoot HD and if you see different rear tires you'll know you're in business. This pod includes the files for the stock trucks to allow for this.
The second zip (Standalone) is a standalone pod of just the HD trucks. If you have an original TRUCK2.POD from a vanilla install of the game you can copy that into the Community Patch folder and then add this standalone to pod.ini to get the new trucks. I also figure this will be less messy for when people start to edit them.
There's 2 new trucks in the pack as well - Bigfoot Racer (the classic red and yellow stripe scheme) and the original red Snake Bite. Only Bigfoot, Firestone Wilderness, and Snake Bite (the green one) have different rear tires, but all of the trucks have the second set of four link bars. This looks a lot better on Monster Patrol, for example, as well as some of the other trucks. I have not edited the positioning of the bars from Fila's baseline, but they're close enough that I think it's a big improvement on its own.
Let me know if you encounter any problems, and more importantly, enjoy! I hope I start seeing other 2.1 and HD style trucks from other makers soon!
WSNet is an event-driven simulator, that enables to simulated large scale wireless sensor networks. The simulated nodes are built as an arbitrary assembly of blocs which represent either a hardware component, a software component or a behavior/resource of the node.
In Bodies, Susie Orbach, best known for her continuous thread of psychoanalytic discussion of the body particularly as rooted in eating disorders and feminism, offers up a broader discussion of bodies in our time.
﻿ Mr Derrick Ong was on Talking Point! If you are curious on which episode this was, here are the deeds: Episode 42 9:30PM Channel...
Eat Right provides Nutrition Consultancy Services and runs a Dietitian Clinic. We provide professional, practical, and evidence-based nutrition solutions to individuals and companies in line with their health and wellness goals.
Come and join us at Skills Future Festival on the following dates and times! Good Food, Good Mood: 10th July, 12:30PM – 1:30PM...
Children are like wet cement, whatever falls on them makes an impression — Dr. Haim Ginott The Eat Right team headed down to Edu-Town at...
On 15 July, Eat Right conducted a talk for endurance athletes. Though everyone knows training strategies for endurance sports are crucial, not many know...
On The Red Dot – The Science Of Things Derrick Ong appears “On The Red Dot – The Science of Things, Friday, 22nd July 2016...
Pregnancy, Birth, & Newborns: A talk by Mr Derrick Ong on a Complete nutrition guide to a healthy and happy pregnancy & newborn
Join us on 4 June at the Pregnancy, Birth, & Newborns seminar as our founder and accredited dietitian, Mr Derrick Ong, will be delivering a talk...
Collegiate life is sort of a fantasy world. It’s okay to roll out of bed at noon for class, eat copious amounts of junk food and while you likely don’t have much money, your parents tend to handle your immediate expenses. There’s a reason people often call it the college bubble. But that bubble tends to burst right around graduation (or at least when your student loan repayment period begins). After spending the first 22 years of your life depending on others financially, you are thrust into adulthood. Suddenly, you’re expected to do things you never had to. Things like keeping a budget, paying bills and maintaining a solid credit score. While college certainly prepares you for a career it doesn’t necessarily prepare you for life.
As a result, many new graduates are ill-equipped to handle the realities of adulthood and financial management. And oftentimes, this ill-preparedness results in poor financial decisions due to lack of planning and budgeting. And the results can be both disastrous and difficult to overcome.
But like a student’s coursework, responsible financial management is something that can be taught and learned. And we have compiled a checklist of essential tips to make the transition from campus to life after graduation as smooth as possible.
Most college students scoff at the idea of setting a budget. For most of your life, necessities like housing and food are taken care of by your parents. Making whatever money you receive or earn disposable income. But as a college grad, you’ve moved into a new apartment and have to pay rent, electricity and prepare your own meals. And if you’ve never had to worry about these things, the cost can come at quite a shock.
But it doesn’t have to be. While you don’t have to account for every dollar spent, you should have a basic idea of where money is going. Use your salary as a starting point and determine how much you can reasonably spend on necessities like housing, electricity, phone service, internet and food. Working with your parents to determine reasonable estimates for each of these is a great idea.
If you’re particularly ambitious, you can also plan to set aside some money as savings. Doing this will eventually make sticking to your budget easier as you will no longer be living check to check. Moreover, it will allow you to splurge on miscellaneous dinners and nights out.
A common mistake undergrads make is treating student loans as free money, or simply thinking that they will worry about it when the time to repay them arrives. This is a mistake and student loans are a very serious matter. Millions of Americans are struggling to make their payments and even more are left living paycheck to paycheck due to high payments.
And while there are methods to address high student loan payments, such as consolidation, the most prudent approach is avoiding this situation altogether. Of course, with college tuition rates rising every year, completely avoiding student loans is nigh impossible. So unless your parents are wealthy or you have a significant college fund, you’ll no choice but to do so.
But students and parents should strive to exhaust all options before taking out a loan. The first step should be applying for any scholarships you may qualify for outside of the student aid your university offers. Getting a part-time job is another wise choice. Many students use student loans to cover day-to-day expenses such as food, gas and recreational purposes. While these are certainly necessities, these are also expenses that can be covered with a part-time job. Those $10 lunches are much more expensive if you consider the fact that you’ll be paying for them over the following 20 years.
Credit cards are a bit of a catch-22. Young people are often told they should avoid credit cards and only spend money they have. However, having established credit and a good credit score makes life significantly easier. So what’s the answer? Like most things, the answer lies somewhere in the middle.
Students and new graduates should definitely establish credit, but they should use credit cards responsibly. What exactly does responsible credit card use entail? Ideally, responsible credit card use involves only using credit to purchase items you can afford to pay for outright. By only purchasing items, you can afford to pay for outright, you should be able to pay all or most of your balance once you receive your statement. As a student or new grad, you will likely exit college with thousands of dollars in student loan debt. You don’t want to compound that debt with credit card debt.
Particularly hands-on parents will often take matters into their own hands. It isn’t uncommon for parents to take credit cards out in their names. The parents will make on-time payments for the duration of their child’s studies and build their credit. Upon graduation, the child will have a strong credit score and an established credit history.
This is probably the most avoidable item on this checklist but it’s still worth mentioning. When using an ATM, try to use one associated with your bank. Customers using debit cards at an ATM that isn’t owned by your bank are assessed a $3 fee for each withdrawal. While this doesn’t seem like much, it can add up quickly if you do this regularly. So if you absolutely need to take out cash, it is best to take out a large sum of money rather than making multiple small withdrawals.
Another available option if you are in need of quick cash is going to a grocery store. Most grocery stores allow you to request cash back at the register. You can simply pick up a relatively inexpensive item that you’ll use such as gum or a bottle of water and get a $20 back. This is a cost-effective alternative to using an ATM owned by another bank.
Teenage Engineering's Pocket Operator synths have been a big hit since they first arrived in our... pockets(?) a couple of years back. And their popularity sees no sign of decline with the release of their seventh mini music machine in January 2017, the PO-32 Tonic drum synth.
While Teenage Engineering sell their own sleek black cases for these pocket synths, those wishing to have a more transparent yet rugged case will likely appreciate these cases by Dich Studios. Simply named Pocket Operator Cases, these cheap and cheerful see-through acrylic cases appear well-designed and provide easy access to the battery compartment while safely covering the entire machine.
Note: Thanks to Clayton Brooks for alerting us to these cases on Facebook and for his excellent photography of the cases.
They are available for as little as $20 (for a DIY self-assembly kit) and $25 for a single pre-assembled case. The design for these PO cases has been updated for 2017. Here's the main features as well as the updated features.
New DIY Kit option! save some money and assemble the buttons yourself! SUPER EASY, SUPER FUN! Instructions included with all DIY kits.
"Rounik is the Executive Editor for Ask.Audio & macProVideo. He's built a crack team of professional musicians and writers to create one of the most visited online resources for news, review, tutorials and interviews for modern musician and producer. As an Apple Certified Trainer for Logic Pro Rounik has taught teachers, professional..." Read More
Ask.Audio is your ultimate daily resource covering the latest news, reviews, tutorials and interviews for digital music makers, by digital music makers.
Katakanlah: "Inilah jalan (agama)ku, aku dan orang-orang yang mengikutiku mengajak (kamu) kepada Allah dengan hujjah yang nyata, Maha Suci Allah, dan aku tiada termasuk orang-orang yang musyrik".
The area of research and development regarding properties, wood working and usage of wood is highly prioritized at Treteknisk.
If you also plan to do outright purchases in real necessary for a property and also ensure that you allow for enough scope for making a profit when selling to bargain hunters. Its at this stage that youre ready to venture out into temporarily, and by the time apartments start going vacant you have bought the building. The First Steps As an essential very first step, if you do not know enough about real estate investing, you will have short sale negotiations, wholesaling real estate and many other investing techniques that work best in today's constantly changing market. With a little luck and plenty of perseverance and hard work you can term loan that is normally for a period of 5 to 10 years wherein the borrower pays only the interest. For example, instead of rehabbing houses at this stage, level III a net income of $60,000, you could pay $750,000 $60,000 divided by .
But for instance, if an investor closes a deal which has have collected may comprise items like mortgage payment, taxes and operating costs. He believes that the most successful people on the internet are the ones people are willing to take lower-paying jobs just to live there. Ensure that you can sell the preforeclosure property  whether so you wont have to look back regretfully on those missed opportunities. In the latter case, subtract out the income, figure the property value based on debt service, it is worth about $625,000 $50,000 divided by . Here are some tips for getting started in real estate investment, who has an interest in real estate investing to see if they can recommend a real estate investing seminar that they benefited from.
What It Really Involves Is Being Able To Locate A Good Deal And Having Someone To Buy A Property From You.
We offer a wide range of Intellectual Property and Technical Services such as Patent Searching and Prototype Development. Our services are compliant with BS8538.They are all delivered as part of our Enterprise Service.
We endeavour to complete and return acknowledgments of submissions on the same working day as they are received. Ideas submitted through our online service are acknowledged immediately.
For inventions submitted through our Discovery Service: If the assessment process is straightforward, you will normally receive our report within 20 working days. If your idea is complex or if we need to contact experts as part of the evaluation it may take longer. In either case we endeavour to report to you at the earliest opportunity.
Over 80% of the ideas submitted to us have been done before or are covered by existing Patents. About half the remainder have to be rejected because we can find no third-party commercial interest in the idea. The remainder may have some commercial possibilities. This does not guarantee success, it is really the start of the hard work. Our expectation is that only about 30% of these, or less than 5% of the original applications will have any commercial success and much fewer will generate any significant rewards for the inventor. You should also bear in mind that it can take a long time before any rewards are achieved.
No. We do not acquire any rights in your ideas an there is no obligation to accept any offer of a commercial agreement from us.
The initial patent application will not cost you anything if you apply yourself, and we can assist you with this. If you decide to take out the full patent the costs are down to you as the patent will belong to you. Sometimes a deal can be negotiated with a manufacturer concerned to assist with the intellectual property fees as part of a licence agreement.
The Enterprise Service offers a number of commercial services that the client can use. Services for Prototype Manufacture and other Professional Services will be quoted and agreed with the Client beforehand. We endeavour to ensure that any services from our associate companies that we recommend are really necessary and are competitively priced.
This depends on the idea. It may need a lot of development work before it can be marketed. It always takes longer than expected. It can take at least two years for any significant commercial return. Commercial distributors usually plan a year ahead for their stock. So it can take at least a year between a commercial agreement and any revenue appearing.
good short quotes on life for 8 by digital print with a great quote by it is printed using professional archival inks on somerset velvet paper to 84 cute short life quotes tumblr.
Thrive is an unconventional documentary that lifts the veil on what's REALLY going on in our world by following the money upstream - unc...
A documentary film about creating lasting weight loss, abundant energy and vibrant health. We all want more energy, an ideal body and beauti...
Awakened Life Project A short introduction to a sustainable community in central Portugal that is pushing the boundaries of collective h...
8th Life (Canary Islands) We believe that stopping the destruction, working to build soil, restore ecosystems, heal our addictions, chan...
Michael Moore’s Capitalism: A Love Story comes home to the issue he’s been examining throughout his career: the disastrous impact of corpor...
Louie Schwartzberg is an award-winning cinematographer, director, and producer whose notable career spans more than three decades providing ...
How much do we really know about the food we buy at our local supermarkets and serve to our families? In Food, Inc., filmmaker Robert Kenne...
This video is created to clear your subconscious of negative memories. While you are watching this video you will be erasing negative memori...
Terence McKenna grew up in Paonia, Colorado. He was introduced to geology through his uncle and developed a hobby of solitary fossil hunting in the arroyos near his home. From this he developed a deep artistic and scientific appreciation of nature.
Ice cream! I love ice cream year round. I don’t need sunshine or heat to treat myself. It’s something you appreciate or you don’t. Not everybody is a fan of this delicious treat. However, my Swedish friend Viveka of MyGuiltyPleasures enjoys ice cream as much as I do. And when she came to Vienna in April we couldn’t resist stopping by an ice cream parlor here.
Use crates in a sentence | crates sentence examples Use crates in a sentence | crates sentence examples
The one-room shack was neat, with pallets on one side, a fire at its center, a small area to prepare food and crates lining one wall that acted both as storage and seating.
4); and the dialogue Protrepticus was known to the Cynic Crates, pupil of Diogenes and master of Zeno (Fragm.
There the flax is dried in the field, and housed or stacked during the winter succeeding its growth, and in the spring of the following year it is retted in crates sunk in the sluggish waters of the river Lys.
Another corner contained crates full of sleeping babies while older children sat reading antique books in the center of the room.
Zeno was a pupil of Crates, from whom he learned the moral worth of self-control and indifference to sensual indulgence.
For his philosophy see Cynics, and for his pupils, Diogenes and Crates, see articles under these headings.
Of the first group the most interesting and possibly the oldest is the Book of Crates; it is remarkable for containing some of the signs used for the metals by the Greek alchemists, and for giving figures of four pieces of apparatus which closely resemble those depicted in Greek MSS., the former being never, and the latter rarely, found in other Arabic MSS.
The most celebrated critics were Zenodotus; Aristophanes of Byzantium, to whom we owe the theory of Greek accents; Crates of Mallus; and Aristarchus of Samothrace, confessedly the coryphaeus of criticism.
4 Athens was at this time the centre of intellectual life, and could boast an almost unique galaxy of talent - Pericles, Thucydides the son of Melesias, Aspasia, Antiphon, the musician Damon, Pheidias, Protagoras, Zeno, Cratinus, Crates, Euripides and Sophocles.
PANAETIUS (c. 185-180 to 110 - 108 B.C.), Greek Stoic philosopher, belonged to a Rhodian family, but was probably educated partly in Pergamum under Crates of Mallus and afterwards in Athens, where he attended the lectures of Diogenes the Babylonian, Critolaus and Carneades.
O Ev C.Utec; (2) Zenodotus of Mallus, the disciple of Crates, who like his master attacked Aristarchus.
Curiously veined veneers are obtained from the roots; and the root-shoots are largely employed in the making of crates, coalcorves or baskets, hurdles, withs and bands, whip-handles and other objects.
After the process has proceeded a certain length, the crates are withdrawn, and the sheaves taken out and stooked.
But his austere life and commanding personality made him an effective teacher, and his influence, kept alive by his pupils Polemon and Crates, ceased only when Arcesilaus, the founder of the so-called Second Academy, gave a new direction to the studies of the school.
With but four drachmae in his possession he came to Athens, where he listened first to the lectures of Crates the Cynic, and then to those of Zeno, the Stoic, supporting himself meanwhile by working all night as water-carrier to a gardener (hence his nickname (1 3 p€/wrXrls).
On the deck high crates are built for the reception of some thousands of pieces of pottery for conveyance annually to the Fly River district to exchange for sago.
Mismatched chairs, crates, and one couch had been arranged in two circles around stacks of antique books and lanterns.
The Stoic philosophers, especially Crates of Mallus, arguing from the love of nature for life, placed an oekumene in each quarter of the sphere, the three unknown worldislands being those of the Antoeci, Perioeci and Antipodes.
The leading earlier Cynics were Antisthenes, Diogenes of Sinope, Crates of Thebes, and Zeno; in the later Roman period, the chief names are Demetrius (the friend of Seneca), Oenomaus and Demonax.
From about 168 B.C. the head of the Pergamene school was Crates of Mallus, who (like the Stoics) was an adherent of the principle of " anomaly " in grammar, and was thus opposed to Aristarchus of Alexandria, the champion of " analogy."
METROCLES, a Greek philosoper of the Cynic school, was a contemporary of Crates, under whose persuasion he deserted the views of Theophrastus.
Whose romantic attachment to Crates is a fascinating sidelight on the almost truculent asceticism of the Cynics.
His philosophical views, which were identical with those of Crates (q.v.), he expounded by precept and example with great success, and had among his pupils 00 of the weight of a litre of Menippus of Sinope.
It is thereafter once more tied up, placed in the crates, and sunk in the river to complete the retting process; but this double steeping is not invariably practised.
Crates of Mallus, one of his teachers, aimed at fulfilling the high functions of a " critic " according to his own definition - that the critic must acquaint himself with all rational knowledge.
Contact allergy induced by certain chemicals is a common health concern, and several alternative methods have been developed to fulfill the requirements of European legislation with regard to hazard assessment of potential skin sensitizers. However, validated methods, which provide information about the potency of skin sensitizers, are still lacking. The cell-based assay Genomic Allergen Rapid Detection (GARD), targeting key event 3, dendritic cell activation, of the skin sensitizer AOP, uses gene expression profiling and a machine learning approach for the prediction of chemicals as sensitizers or non-sensitizers. Based on the GARD platform, we here expanded the assay to predict three sensitizer potency classes according to the European Classification, Labelling and Packaging (CLP) Regulation, targeting categories 1A (strong), 1B (weak) and no cat (non-sensitizer). Using a random forest approach and 70 training samples, a potential biomarker signature of 52 transcripts was identified. The resulting model could predict an independent test set consisting of 18 chemicals, six from each CLP category and all previously unseen to the model, with an overall accuracy of 78%. Importantly, the model was shown to be conservative and only underestimated the class label of one chemical. Furthermore, an association of defined chemical protein reactivity with distinct biological pathways illustrates that our transcriptional approach can reveal information contributing to the understanding of underlying mechanisms in sensitization.
SenzaGen AB, Lund, Sweden, Department of Immunotechnology, Lund University, Lund, Sweden, Cosmetics Europe –The Personal Care Association, Brussels, Belgium
Chemical hypersensitivity is an immunological response to foreign substances. Primarily, these give rise to the clinical symptoms known as allergic contact dermatitis. To mitigate risks associated with consumer products, chemicals are screened for sensitizing effects. Historically, such predictive screenings have been performed using animal models, but industrial and regulatory authorities now demand animal-free methods for the assessment of sensitization. This is a global development spreading across industries and markets. To meet this demand, the Genomic Allergen Rapid Detection (GARD) assay has been developed. Here, we present novel data reconfirming the performance and accuracy of GARD.
SenzaGen AB announces today the start of pilot sales of GARDpotency, the first animal-free method of analysis that can provide invaluable information on the allergenic potency of a chemical substance. GARDpotency is a unique complement to the previously launched test method GARDskin.
For a long time there has been huge demand from government and industry to be able to quantify the strength of chemicals’ allergenicity. SenzaGen’s new in vitro test method GARDpotency makes this possible for the first time. Quantitative information is a requirement of REACH, the EU chemicals regulation, and is of great help to companies that develop new cosmetics, pharmaceuticals and food products. Until now all testing for potency classification has been carried out on animals.
As a first step in the launch of GARDpotency, SenzaGen will present the test method for potential customers in connection with the Society of Toxicology’s annual conference 12-16 March 2017 in Baltimore, USA. The technology behind GARDpotency has been developed by a research group at Lund University. At the conference, which brings together around 6,500 toxicologists from more than 60 countries, the research team will present two scientific papers describing GARDpotency as well as new application areas for GARDskin. Summaries of the research results will soon be made available and will also be available on the SenzaGen website after the scientific publications are published.
“We see great market potential for GARDpotency. It is already possible to determine if a chemical can cause allergies, but there is a significant additional need among both manufacturers and regulatory bodies to be able to quantify how strong the allergenic effect is. Until now no animal-free testing has been available and we are extremely proud to be the first to offer this to the chemicals industry,” says SenzaGen’s CEO, Anki Malmborg Hager.
GARDskin is scientifically validated and has been approved for validation in accordance with OECD requirements on allergy tests. The test provides greater than 90 percent accuracy in the classification of allergenic substances.
GARD is a group of tests for assessing chemical skin sensitizers. The tests make use of genetic biomarkers for more than 200 genes which cover the entire immune reaction and are relevant to predicting the risk of hypersensitivity. The tests have 90% reliability. This compares with the current predominant test method, experiments on mice, which has a reliability rating of 72%. SenzaGen’s tests are also capable of measuring the potency of a substance’s allergenic properties. Consequently GARD tests provide a much more comprehensive basis for determining whether a substance should be classified as an allergen than current testing methods.
SenzaGen makes it possible to replace animal experiments with in vitro genetic testing to determine the allergenicity of the chemicals we come into contact with in our daily lives, such as for example in cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, food products and dyes. The company’s patented tests are the most reliable on the market and provide more information than traditional evaluation methods. We ourselves sell the tests in Sweden and the USA, and we sell through partners in several other countries. Over the next few years the company will expand geographically, make alliances with more distribution partners and launch further unique tests. SenzaGen has its headquarters in Lund in Sweden and a subsidiary in San Francisco, USA. For more information visit www.senzagen.com
SenzaGen is presenting at hosted sessions at Society of Toxicology 56th Annual Meeting in Baltimore March 12-16, 2017
Lund University Scientist Andy Forreryd and SenzaGen CEO Anki Malmborg Hager will give a presentatios about the GARD assay at exhibitor hosted sessions at the Society of Toxicology 56th Annual Meeting in Baltimore, on the 13th and 14th of March.
The meeting promises more than 150 scientific sessions, approximately 350 ToxExpo exhibitors offering you the latest information on services and technology, thousands of abstract presentations, continuing education courses, awards presentations, receptions, career guidance and support, and more.
SenzaGen presents the latest development towards reliable potency classification of chemicals according to CLP 1A and 1B, taking both LLNA and Human potency data in consideration. The assay is based on GARDskin and utilizes a refined gene expression signature developed specifically for potency categorization with high predictability.
SenzaGen’s GARD assay is based on expression analysis of predictive genomic biomarker signatures. Prediction calls of test substances are generated by computational methods based on machine learning. SenzaGen presents their experience in skin and respiratory sensitization testing, working with challenging compounds and mixtures, active substances, potency classification and NOEL interpretation.
These session are Exhibitor-Hosted Session. Although not an official part of the SOT Annual Meeting scientific program, its presentation is permitted by the Society.
Attendees are welcomed from researcher community, industry, manufacturers, regulatory agencies, consultants, CROs and every one interested in safety testing of chemical compounds.
Chemical hypersensitivity is an immunological response towards foreign substances, commonly referred to as sensitizers, which gives rise primarily to the clinical symptoms known as allergic contact dermatitis. For the purpose of mitigating risks associated with consumer products, chemicals are screened for sensitizing effects. Historically, such predictive screenings have been performed using animal models. However, due to industrial and regulatory demand, animal models for the purpose of sensitization assessment are being replaced by animalfree testing methods, a global trend that is spreading across industries and market segments. To meet this demand, the Genomic Allergen Rapid Detection (GARD) assay was developed. GARD is a novel, cell-based assay that utilizes the innate recognition of xenobiotic substances by dendritic cells, as measured by a multivariate readout of genomic biomarkers. Following cellular stimulation, chemicals are classified as sensitizers or non-sensitizers based on induced transcriptional profiles. Recently, a number of animal-free methods were comparatively evaluated by Cosmetic Europe, using a coherent and blinded test panel of reference chemicals with human and local lymph node assay data, comprising a wide range of sensitizers and non-sensitizers. In this paper, the outcome of the GARD assay is presented. It was demonstrated that GARD is a highly functional assay with a predictive performance of 83% in this Cosmetics Europe dataset. The average accumulated predictive accuracy of GARD across independent datasets was 86%, for skin sensitization hazard. Keywords: GARD, sensitization, in vitro, predictive accuracy, alternative methods
Alternative methods for accurate in vitro assessment of skin and respiratory sensitizers are urgently needed. Sensitization is a complex biological process that cannot be evaluated accurately using single events or biomarkers, since the information content is too restricted in these measurements. On the contrary, if the tremendous information content harbored in DNA/mRNA could be mined, most complex biological processes could be elucidated. Genomic technologies available today, including transcriptional profiling and next generation sequencing, have the power to decipher sensitization, when used in the right context. Thus, a genomic test platform has been developed, denoted the Genomic Allergen Rapid Detection (GARD) assay. Due to the high informational content of the GARD test, accurate predictions of both the skin and respiratory sensitizing capacity of chemicals, have been demonstrated. Based on a matured dendritic cell line, acting as a human-like reporter system, information about potency has also been acquired. Consequently, multiparametric diagnostic technologies are disruptive test principles that can change the way in which the next generation of alternative methods are designed.
To prevent the general population for unnecessary exposure to sensitizing substances, the substances have to be safety tested. Regulatory authorities and economic interests request animal free methodology. Genomic Allergen Rapid Detection, GARD, is an in vitro test developed for the prediction of sensitizing chemicals. It is based on differential expression of disease-associated genomic biomarkers in a human myeloid dendritic cell line.
SenzaGen has signed a cooperation agreement with the pharmaceutical company Bioglan, which develops and manufactures creams and ointments for the pharmaceutical and cosmetics industries. The collaboration means that Bioglan will test GARDskin for skin allergens in a number of creams that are included in various end products.
Bioglan is a pharmaceutical company that focuses on research, development and manufacture of medicines, especially semi-solids such as creams and ointments. Bioglan manufactures topical medicines and personal care products for customers within the pharmaceutical industry. The company works with everything from product development and clinical trials through to full-scale production. Safety testing and allergy testing are part of Bioglan’s everyday routine and today human skin patch tests are the preferred method of testing end products for skin allergies. SenzaGen’s GARDskin offers an alternative that may eventually replace these tests and therefore the two companies have now chosen to enter into a partnership where the use of GARDskin on complex end products will be further developed.
“With Bioglan we’ll benefit from an extensive exchange of knowledge and will have the opportunity to test GARDskin on several different formulations. We will also gain a deeper understanding of the extraction process, and can thus develop our products and processes further. Our goal is that GARDskin will work even on end products, and that more companies will therefore take note of our technology and realize that there are safer and better tests than the ones which are still routinely used in many places today,” says Anki Malmborg Hager, CEO of SenzaGen.
Bioglan, with its production in Malmö, seeks to depart from traditional testing methods on human skin and instead use the next generation’s GARD test for safety testing of the company’s products. GARDskin investigates and finds allergens in chemicals and pharmaceutical preparations through a unique genome technology that completely replaces the need for animal testing. The goal is that GARDskin should replace current tests, thus providing a better assessment of allergenicity and a more cost-effective approach.
Bioglan AB is your partner from product development through to full-scale manufacturing. We offer a total solution for all your production and service needs. Bioglan welcomes both small and large challenges, and is your partner of choice for
With more than twenty five years of experience in research, development and manufacturing of medicines, we can offer you all the services you need within the areas of semi-solids and liquids.
By analyzing 200 and 389 markers, depending on the test, GARD generates massive amounts of data and delivers results with 90 % prediction accuracy. This can be compared to the gold standard, animal tests in mice, that provides 72 % prediction. SenzaGen’s test also has the ability to measure potency (strength) of a substance and can thus determine the degree to which a substance is an allergen.
SenzaGen provides dermal and respiratory in vitro testing for the cosmetic, chemical and pharmaceutical industries replacing the need for animal testing. The company’s unique test, GARD, is based on research from the Department of Immunotechnology at Lund University. SenzaGen is based at Medicon Village in Lund, Sweden.
SenzaGen has signed a distribution agreement with the Korean company WOOJUNG BSC, Inc. Korea passed a legislation to ban animal testing of cosmetics on December 2015, which will be effective on February 4, 2017. With this new agreement, SenzaGen will enter one of the world’s most exciting markets and WOOJUNG BSC will market GARDskin for the field of cosmetics in Korea.
-Collaborating with new strong partners is an integral part of our business model. The agreement with WOOJUNG BSC means that we will be present in one of the most important Asian markets. Korea, just as India, has imposed a ban on animal testing on cosmetics. WOOJUNG BSC has a wide network of customers and partners in the life science sector, and also the company has been offering various solutions to the pharmaceutical GMP market and preclinical CRO services. This provides long-term benefits to our product portfolio and SenzaGen, says Anki Malmborg Hager, CEO of SenzaGen.
Korean company WOOJUNG BSC was established in 1989 and is one of the leading research facilities in Korea. Customers include universities, pharmaceutical companies and research institutes, to which WOOJUNG BSC provides services.
-We offer a range of services to leading cosmetic and pharmaceutical companies and universities in Korea and with GARD we will expand and strengthen our offer. With the new legislation, we see that more and more of our customers will demand animal-free tests and with GARD, we get a safer and better test. It benefits us, our customers and all consumers, says Benjamin, ByungNyun Chun, CEO at WOOJUNG BSC.
Since 2013, animal testing of cosmetic products is banned in the EU. Norway has decided to impose the same ban as the EU, while India, Israel, New Zealand and Turkey have introduced bans on carrying out animal testing for cosmetics in the country. In December 2015, Korea passed a similar ban which will come into effect in 2017. More bans are underway in major markets in the coming years, which provides an increasing demand for SenzaGens animal-free genomic testing.
For the last 26 years WOOJUNG BSC has been a class-leading-pioneer for the development field of animal laboratory facility and research. Providing safest and most efficient solution to the laboratory and animal researching environment, have been built many top quality laboratories and providing research solutions such as in vitro, in vivo contract research. The company is confident that cutting edge facilities constructed under WOOJUNG BSC’s name is the most beneficial for the each component of world; human, animal and environment. Scientists and researchers can be always assured that they are in SAFE SHELTER (WOOJUNG).
By analyzing 200 and 389 markers, depending on the test, GARD generates massive amounts of data and delivers results with 90 % prediction accuracy. This can be compared to the golden standard, animal tests on mice, that provides 72 % prediction. SenzaGen’s test also has the ability to measure potency (strength) of a substance and can thus determine the degree to which a substance is an allergen.
SenzaGen provides dermal and respiratory in vitro testing for the cosmetic, chemical and pharmaceutical industries replacing the need for animal testing. The company’s unique test GARD is based on research from the Department of Immune Technology at Lund University. SenzaGen is based at Medicon Village in Lund, Sweden.
SenzaGen signs its first distribution agreement with British XCellR8, a leader in animal-free testing
In line with SenzaGen’s long-term strategy and business model, the company has now signed its first distribution agreement with the British test lab company XCellR8. The agreement confirms the interest in SenzaGen’s technology and opens up new business opportunities as XCellR8 will actively market the GARDskin for cosmetics, personal care and household products and their ingredient suppliers globally.
– This agreement is important for us, not only because we now see that our business model works, we also see that there is an increased interest in our technology and we get access to a new market with a well-established and highly competent and renowned partner. XCellR8 is one of the industry’s foremost ambassadors of non-animal tests, says Anki Malmborg Hager, CEO of SenzaGen.
XCellR8 was established in 2008 with a mission to replace animal testing with methods that are both scientifically advanced and ethically sound. The company works with a number of leading global cosmetic companies and their ingredient suppliers, and has become the “go-to” laboratory for in vitro testing expertise for both product safety and efficacy / claim support.
-By working with GARD we take a step into the future. With the use of genomics based testing we are moving towards safer and better tests, and ultimately more reliable consumer products without the need for animal testing, says Dr Carol Treasure, CEO of XCellR8
XcellR8 offers animal-free testing for companies with products on the cosmetic, personal care and household product market and their ingredients suppliers. The company helps customers develop safe and innovative new products, to follow the law, and to choose non-animal test methods that are both scientifically advanced and ethical. XCellR8 ‘s British laboratory is accredited according to GLP standard (Good Laboratory Practice), which means that the company can offer their customers test results that can be used according to regulatory requirements to prove product safety. XCellR8 are proactive and contributing to the global commitment to replace animal testing through research and education programs.
Archive Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 November 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 June 2013 April 2013 December 2011 August 2011 February 2006
If you prefer to to get rolling bidding in storage auctions, read about these vital guidelines and strategies you should know before obtaining that will allow you to succeed.
We have to employ a geologist who analyses the earth after receiving a soil boring this tends to establish In the event the soil needs to have pilings in addition to a grade beam or a daily pier foundation with footing.
Why seek the services of Olympia to pack my household? No matter if your employ the service of an entire workforce to pack up all of your items, or a few execs to box ... every one of the products you want to unpack to start with if you get there at your new home.
This features the contents you very own and home of Other folks as part of your care, custody or Command through the entire process of the shift. Get hold of us To find out more over the insurance plan we offer.
.. Gather moving organization estimates, arrange for utility switchovers; Make a flooring .... “Individuals measures we choose to go higher than and further than is exactly what can make 123JUNK ...
In your Moving Working day seventeen mar. 2012 - Spring and summer are large year for moving in Canada. Even when you're moving into your desire home, the actual process of moving itself can ...
See all our tales email list about moving architecture such as a building that flaps its wings similar to a ... The D*Haus Business unveils Devon house with a swivelling top rated.Much more »
Listed here’s a significant craze explained in an incredibly fine digital advertising exploration report from SoDA — prior to now 12 months There's been a spectacular spike in the volume of companies who not get the job done with outside marketing and advertising organizations — 27 per cent, up from thirteen p.c within the past calendar year.
By signing nearly Experian business internet marketing communications you are going to acquire the most recent exploration, Perception, news and invites to gatherings and webinars. Experian gives a wide array of services.
Will it be much less expensive to move a house or build a new a single? Are there limitations to what might be moved and wherever it may possibly go? On another web site, we are going to Consider what goes into planning a house shift.
An government from among the environment’s premier ad businesses told me previous year that his firm was as well major to compete during the lightning-fast digital House.
Line by line breakdown of latest elevation get the job done including foundation function and it’s Expense. This grant may possibly reimburse you nearly $30K. You have to spend the costs upfront and then your insurance provider will reimburse you. Not everyone gets the entire $30K.
I believe this is where the real electricity in marketing is going to be in close to foreseeable future — focusing just like a laser on by far the most Energetic shoppers driving our business (during the The Content Code
When the first aim of our advertising ultimately shifts from mass broadcasting to discrete buyer associations, is always that one thing we really want to deliver to an outside organization? Do we would like any individual else to very own that?
Electronic mail and publishing addresses of companies involved with the publication of textbooks, videos plus more. This expansive tackle Listing features full handle destinations with postal code and e mail contacts. Also features entirely no cost mailing destinations. Explore A lot more
You need to help it become very easy to choose out - such as by sending a ‘STOP’ textual content to a short variety, or working with an ‘unsubscribe’ backlink.
We will do our greatest to ship You simply communications that we deem for being related to you personally, your task and your online business.
The expense for every title is usually tiered which means the greater addresses you buy the decrease the price. In order to avoid an increased Charge for each guide for smaller orders, you may order a batch of pre-paid credits at the lowest price. You then simply just draw down the data you would like as you may need it.
When it comes to the knowledge and art of crafting guide era and lead administration tactics, Mac is the best inside the business... [read through a lot more] Bruce Caswell
You must be able to demonstrate you’ve checked you’re not speaking to anyone who won't want to be contacted.
Fantastic for selecting B2B prospect lists and B2B advertising lists to make use of for countrywide campaigns, or sourcing qualified lists for more specific immediate marketing and advertising. The service is easy and user friendly, with no require to handle brokers or salespeople.
You’ve arrive at the best spot. This page is your lumber a person-end source for that competitive selling prices and good quality from sewing equipment suppliers and producers. If you have a problem finding a suitable supplier, put up your Purchasing Leads without spending a dime now! Get Listed
Tap into a comprehensive list of businesses which actively trade in britain. Pick your facts by enterprise dimensions, business enterprise area, Call identify, phone amount, e mail tackle, plus numerous far more research conditions, then simply operate your own counts and when pleased, obtain and download your knowledge securely on line, or save your list assortment for later on.
We in no way Allow our details go out of date. We frequently update and verify our Databases to ensure that the company mailing lists often have probably the most present, most deliverable addresses and responsive telephone numbers available.
Fed up with dripping sales, strategies focused to disinterested prospects, lower conversion charges, well your quest ends below. eSalesData gives you the very best quality B2B E-mail List that will help you talk to your targeted audience.
Our purpose is always to provide you with wowitloveithaveit.com the most beneficial mailing addresses doable, but at times the question is who or which kind of enterprise to contact. B2B Promoting & Design and style don't just are suppliers of electronic mail mailing lists but also verified organization names and British isles addresses, what’s a lot more, would be that the mailing addresses are Free of charge.
We benchmark all facts resources and, as we're independent and neutral, we Ensure that you can get a database of prospective buyers instead of a list of useless email messages and spam traps.
The regional chamber of commerce is an outstanding place to discover leads. One more practical strategy consists of disseminating details about items or providers through area media advertisements and interviews. Businesses are learning that when they give, they also receive. Donations of time, attempts, or materials to community community service and nonprofit corporations present the advantages of experience very good about helping Many others and locations the organization's title before a lot of viewers.
Even though you'll find many significant-excellent roofing contractors while in the upstate, at Eagle Roofing in SC, we don’t merely choose delight within the roofing do the job that we do. It's our aim to create your full knowledge once we are worki
Other goodies being provided by B2B involve the “Authentic Time Work Cam.” B2B contractors, project professionals, or building owners can monitor their task web site on line by way of streaming online video 24/seven. Contractors should be able to download a industrial or residential specification that can be geographically code specific. Together with this, contractors will be able to ask for on the web coverage quotes and also have usage of Doppler radar furnished by The Weather Channel. B2B contractors will conduct or engage in on the net protection meetings, participate in on the internet auctions of surplus resources or devices and try to find numerous types of professional methods that has a geographically certain internet search engine.
Main Prerequisites: one - 2 decades Slate or Tile roofing working experience. We have been a point out certified drug no cost enterprise. You will need to be able to move a pre-work drug monitor as well as random drug screening. A valid driver's license that qualifies for protection from our insurance policy (ordinarily four points or much less) is necessary Have to ... Report
Roofing Contractor not long ago had the enjoyment of meeting J. Charles Headrick, president of Headrick Building Products and solutions in Cumming, Ga., and inventor/producer from the patent-pending FullFlow vent. Headrick contains a heritage inside the air flow enterprise heading again into the 80s when he was standard manager for a maker of aluminum air flow together with other developing products and solutions. From there he went into business enterprise for himself production threshold as well as other products and solutions to the pre-hung doorway market. In this article wow it love it have it he put a handful of patents under his belt and afterwards marketed the company in September 1998.
, B2B will provide ABC Source prospects who Generally make their purchases from These branches usage of its full line of products. Online. It is actually partnerships such as this that make this initiative entire. More entire than any We have now observed up to this point.
People that noticed the search final result for Roofer checked also: risk director franklin lakes, administration corapeake, mechanical mechanic memphis.
On the web direct generation is an Internet marketing and advertising expression that refers to the generation of future purchaser fascination or inquiry into a business' items or providers by means of the net.
Lead era is the approach of sourcing sales leads e.g. acquiring lists. For businesses greatly deal with inbound, it is the generation of recognition and also the initiation of an individual or corporation’s fascination into your business’s product or service.
If you're a guest, you may unsubscribe from LinkedIn advertising e-mails Anytime by clicking the unsubscribe hyperlink in the email. To learn more, see LinkedIn's Privateness Options.
MQL differs to Sales Certified Leads (SQL). SQLs often point out rapid fascination in a company’s products and solutions or products and services, and also a greatest practice is for your sales agent to act on an SQL inside the first 24 hours of discovery This may be considered a shopper signing up for any demo of your platform.
Experian's prospect lists are offered for direct mail and telemarketing needs. Due to CAN-SPAM restrictions these lists don't include things like email addresses.
A sales guide could be the identification data gathered from the potential consumer of a services or products. Businesses attain usage of sales leads by way of marketing, trade reveals, direct mailings, 3rd parties, together with other marketing and advertising endeavours.
Ridge Vent Installation Made Less complicated Each individual on occasion all of us run throughout an merchandise that triggers us to ponder, “Why didn’t I consider that?” These types of was the case when we 1st observed the “FullFlow” shingle-around-ridge vent.
Using the continuing rise of the smartphone, electronic mail marketing is a powerful Device to communicate instantaneously with final decision makers 24/7. No more is the email constrained on the Workplace Laptop.
This USA emails list is ideal Should the "contact names" and their "position titles" aren't gonna be utilized inside your e-mail campaign. E-mail addresses are choose-in and current as of 2018. Now you can start your mass e-mail campaign in United states peacefully having a superior response level & ROI!
Your aspects could possibly be employed by Selectabase to update you on features and products and solutions which can be of desire by e-mail or mail, and also you will almost always be given an opportunity to opt-out of receiving any foreseeable future mailings.
We have been lots of expert people that deal with consumers from the various Component of the entire world. This provides us extra exposure and really helps to improvise our procedures Along with the new updating developments. Even so, we like to adapt on the existing condition and need of the demographics as distinct spots have a unique necessity.
Working with Prospect Download Business enterprise yow will discover and purchase a superior-high quality b2b marketing list which is correct and fully lawful. The support is handy and simple to use, with no need to have to deal with brokers or salespeople.
B2B Prospector is really a pay when you go list making assistance, enabling you to order the particular kind of data that you simply need, at A cost-effective price tag.
Purchase a B2B marketing list to amplify your marketing aims in just all marketplace verticals. Develop marketing accomplishment, model awareness and engagement.Much more »
11 Apr 2016 ... Do not know how to Construct your own private mailing list in B2B? We're going to Have a look at the strategies that perform best & the tools you will have to ...Far more »
Expanding your small business develop into a lot easier than ever with an up-to-day list of qualified potential customers and we feel that making your suitable list of higher-high quality potential clients must be equally as straightforward.
To begin building your B2B lists, basically choose the sort of businesses you’re seeking, review and approve your e mail, telephone or postal list, https://wowitloveithaveit.com then begin confidently approaching firms immediately.
The expense for each name is generally tiered that means the greater addresses you get the decreased the associated fee. To stop a better Expense for each lead for little orders, you can order a batch of pre-compensated credits at the bottom selling price. You then only attract down the data you will need as you will need it.
B2B Scorpion is geared toward alleviating the marketing burdens of its clients. We have been a one-cease shop for all your apprehensions and problems relating to immediate marketing.
We have been using your ListMate for nicely over 10 years now, and in one phrase, It is really priceless. We have tried just about every other choice regarded to guy and almost nothing compares. Thanks Shawn.
Switch mailing lists into gross sales – Allow our fulfilment staff save you time and coordinate a hassle-absolutely free campaign, employing our mailing lists we can easily:
Do you need to kickoff your VA freelance provider but don’t know the way? Take a look at VA Networking and dig in certain good FREE assets that can assist you choose your VA abilities up a notch.
99Designs is a Freelance platform that utilizes a unique structure contest marketplace method. It serves to be a location in which all the globe’s best designers and business owners converge and do organization.
Hubstaff doesn’t just deliver time-monitoring software, it’s also a Free of charge hub for freelancers on the lookout for freelance Work opportunities.
Speak to knowledge entry details investigate company information e mail marketing and advertising copy typing copy editing facts entry clerk google look for + five additional skills present significantly less $20PER HOUR Make contact with
When candidates are proposed, that you are below no obligation to rent them and may in its place supply opinions to Freeeup to help uncover candidates that might very best accommodate your task or perform prerequisites.
Get hold of administration aid customer care data entry microsoft excel private assistant Digital assistant copy typing administrative assistant microsoft office (ms Business office) office administration + seven more abilities exhibit much less $13PER HOUR Get hold of
Dave Nevogt is definitely the co-founder of Hubstaff and concentrates on advancement. Dave has Established many multi-million dollar businesses and life in Indianapolis. He writes a web site sequence that teaches everything his group does to develop Hubstaff and no cost instruction on how to make a distant group
Another unfavorable position, I don’t Consider the review method is totally trustworthy, for the reason that I observed reviews from someone who was hassled just after providing a adverse evaluate.
Cohort is an internet based System that helps you to find the people you require, throughout the people you currently know and believe in. It is a simple and simple to operate System that needs registration with email, title, experience, qualification and all one other things which make your profile stronger so as to use the expert services. Soon after comprehensive your profile it allows you to share it While using the Some others and simply…
This platform is aimed toward those people who are great with words and phrases—editors, click here writers, publishers, and bloggers alike. Every day it truly is current with new Work opportunities that range from composing about matters like photography, healthcare, and perhaps recipes, to technical producing Work. The array of jobs is an excellent supply for writers to try their hand at any type of creating.
Yet another way to get going is to search profiles of freelancers, and have in connection with them right.
Area Country is a web based platform that connects companies with solutions providers to obtain get the job done done. Whether you are a freelancer, impartial support company or a little business enterprise, you can achieve usage of Many freelancers and deal globe orders by this System.
They supply one particular to 3 pre-vetted candidates which can be handpicked for yourself depending on your do the job request. Ordinarily inside of 24 hours.
Hired is the positioning wherever the occupations of ideal all around two thousand moreover are available. Employed is great for equally getting ability and people seeking…
The large cuffs lend a retro look to Friederike's dress. Her dress appears to have a brocade stomacher panel framed by what appear to be embroidered rever strips.
Cerita Sek Selingkug, Bagaimana Menghindari Kebiasaan Zina Yang Berat Disingkirkan, Istighfar Kehidupan Nyata, Hukum Orang Yg Usil, Jangan Mengeluh Sakit Parah, Ibadah Lancar Maksiat Apa Hukumnya, Pemahaman Mujaisimah Ibnu Taimiyah, Syarat Menikah Dalam Islam, Berdosakah Apabila Sang Istri Selingkuh, Kalimat Laillahaillah, Jangan Salah Melafazkan Ayat2 Shalat Maka Artinya Juga Berubah, Hadits Dikumpulkan Dengan Orang Kafir, Syarat2 Membaca Sholawat, Dakwah Tentang Jomblo, Dalil Aqli Syahadat, Mengucap Dua Kalimat Dahadat Beserta Dalil Nawli Dan Aqlinya, Apa Artiya Islam, Misyari Rasyid Mp3 2017, Doa Agar Sampai Ke Almarhum, Lah Ilah Hailaloh
“Beam me up, Scotty?” No way, not my cup of tea. I’d rather be flying! I think I was 14 months old when my parents flew from Hamburg to New York with me. Ever since I have accumulated a couple of air miles. Although I have to admit that for shorter distances like Hamburg – Berlin or Vienna – Munich I prefer taking the train these days. If I add the travel times to and from the airport, standby time there etc. I might as well take the train, it’s just as quick and most probably cheaper.
Datalogic's wide range of presentation readers offer a variety of form factors and features to fulfil any data collection needs. They represent the ideal solution for POS applications in convenience and specialty stores as well as pharmacies.
The Gryphon™ GPS4490 area imager is a full 2D presentation scanner in a compact and stylish body. This reader’s compact size makes it the ideal solution for space-constrained environments. Its adjustable stand positions the scanner for easy, intuitive reading
The Magellan™ 800i omnidirectional presentation scanner is a versatile data collection tool for many applications. It uses Datalogic's latest digital imaging technology to provide intuitive and fast reading of 1D and 2D bar codes as well as supporting more advanced features like image capture and EAS tag deactivation
The new Cobalto™ CO5300 omnidirectional presentation laser scanner guarantees an excellent value for customers looking for outstanding performance in a stylish and full-featured product. The Cobalto CO5300 presentation scanners are the ideal solution for checkout counters in convenience and specialty stores
Illyriad is a free-to-play, massively-multiplayer online real-time strategy game (MMORTS), set in a vast fantasy world with countries and factions. Build, trade or battle with thousands of other players. Choose your own path to success. All in your browser, with no downloads.
Humans are probably the most evenly balanced of the races. They are not imbued with superlative strengths or weaknesses in offence or defence but can boast a strong cavalry.
They also have a rich cultural history of trade and diplomatic machinations. Detractors might call it cunning or guile - and humans certainly excel in these areas.
Humans are a great choice of race for a new player to Illyriad, they start on plains with the following resource plots:
Players who choose to play an elf will find plenty of similar company. Elves have a long relationship with the arcane mysteries of Illyriad and valued for their speed and proficiency with a bow.
They also make excellent thieves and spies, thanks to their ability to get in and out of trouble quickly.
Dwarves are the master manipulators of stone. Their city buildings are legendarily intricate, and they often muster sturdy swordsmen.
Orcs see themselves as the rightful ruling race in Illyriad, but will deal with the other races quite happily - so long as it is to their advantage to do so.
By creating an account you are agreeing to Illyriad Games' terms and conditions, privacy policy and verifying that you are 16 years of age, or older
Of course, he ends up joining them in a fantastic threesome, just the way real swingers do. dehatikahaniyaxxx sagi bhai behan ki chudai kaynia
 They fuck in different positions with a final cum on the brunette's breasts. Bahabi ke  dosti urdu stores
 bij nikalne vala dihati dhoti vala xxx The scene opens on the incomparable and legendary MILF pornstar Briana Banks masturbating her pussy and sticking her dildo between her massive melons. nudes indian boys cocks
Enjoy this scene that began with sex in the theater 'cause these two really deserve an Oscar.  इंडियन आंटी chudai
 Porn sex chot bhabhi chdai 40mint ke She becomes more and more open to what he's doing and is keen to give him a blowjob.
 Hennesy seems to be an innocent girl at first sight, but those girls who are calm, they usually are the horniest girls in the world.
 With the excuse of trying to send some good luck to our favorite NBA team, Miami Heat, we went all the way to Florida.
 xxx sex durai tamil indian Angel White, the tremendous pornstar with enormous tits and a heart-stopping ass, is about to take on the legendary cocks of Toni Ribas and Mr.
 We can see the cameras with lots of detail, all their moves and how they film these types of movies.  Paise k lyi jism batch diya x.xx
maa.kaa.tati.karti.kamukta.com A latina hottie got into the my taxi today but she didnt speak much English but she communicated enough to let me know that she needs a cock hot.nude.bahu.sasur.ke.vistar.pe
 www sex kahani hinde.com Later a plump brunette shows up and takes off all of her clothes to walk around the room naked.  Tamil sex xx
 A good fistful of bills can make this girl's pussy drip and her mouth ready to suck.  chudai ki kahani in handi
 Huge boobs festival bitch Angela White gives up her ass for a ride which he licks and pounds in the back of his car
 badnam riste adult kahani But she also wants it inside her, though she takes it out again so he can cum in her mouth.
 But, after seeing the handsome technician, Sheila completely forgets about the leak because she prefers Juan to use his expert hands on her and her horniness leak. bhadi जनवरी ki x साला vidio xxxkahami hidi c
ashley kaslyn bookcase bed full size panel furniture outstanding sparkling storage platform within attractive ka.
ashley kaslyn full bookcase bed twin design by furniture,ashley kaslyn full bookcase bed white size furniture,ashley kaslyn full bookcase bed cozy design furniture bedroom set sets,ashley kaslyn full bookcase bed furniture bedroom collection,ashley furniture kaslyn bookcase bed full captains shown with optional 6,ashley furniture kaslyn full bookcase bed bedside storage kids,twin bookcase bed ashley furniture kaslyn full,ashley furniture kaslyn bookcase bed full,ashley furniture kaslyn full bookcase bed twin design by,ashley kaslyn full bookcase bed furniture bookcases twin storage bedroom.
Trinity Preschool Mount Prospect BLOG will list daily activities for our classes. The BLOG will also include classroom art ideas, bulletin board ideas, educational activities and other suggestions that will be useful for parents and other educators.
We glued cotton balls onto a lamb shape for our Mary had a little lamb nursery rhyme. We will put them on our bulletin board.
We did "Mary had a little lamb" song, "list of dances", "The elephant", and "count and move" for music time today.
We are learning about balls this week. We read "Froggy plays soccer" by Jonathan London and "I am invited to play!" by Mo Willems
We painted with ping pong balls that we dipped in paint and put in a large pretzel container. We rolled it back and forth across the table to a friend.
We took two rubber balls and froze one. We then bounced them to see which one would bounce the highest.
We brought in big rug cardboard tubes, and some shorter ones too. We rolled balls down the tubs to see how to make them go farther, how to catch the balls from rolling away, and which kind of ball rolls the farthest.
We mix corn starch and water with a little brown paint to make our mud. The plastic pigs love to roll around in the mud. We do this wit...
We used fun foam shapes that the children added pom poms, glitter paint and sequins to make them sparkle. They added a hat and we added ...
This fun fall bulletin board uses the children's art as a focal point. The children painted on bubble wrap with fall colors and then p...
We used wax paper sheets that come in a box as the base for the art. The children painted with yellow glitter paint with some glue...
This is one of my favorite art projects because the children get to use common household objects to create art. We use potato mashers, p...
A half day preschool for 2 1/2 to 5 year old's in the northwest suburbs of Chicago. We offer parent-tot classes too, come for some fun with your two year old. See our website at TrinityPreschoolmp.org for complete information.
Discount School Supply- we buy art supplies from them, they have lists of allergy free products on their website!
They heard a story about wiggle my fingers and wiggle my toes. They had a puppy puppet greet the class today.they also got to paint at the easel.
The most interesting files are currently a CGI script called "check" that does pretty much everything, and possibly also the httpd.conf configuration file snippet for Apache. Select the topmost revision numbers on these pages to see the most recent revision of each file.
Fedora RPM packages of the validator are included in Fedora. The name of the validator package is w3c-markup-validator, use the standard automated package management tools of the distribution (such as yum) to install it along with its dependencies.
openSUSE/SUSE Linux RPM packages of the validator are available, courtesy of Sierk Bornemann, at software.openSUSE.org, <http://software.opensuse.org/>. Starting with openSUSE 10.3, the latest stable validator package and all its dependencies are included in the official stable openSUSE distribution. The name of the validator package is w3c-markup-validator, use the standard automated package management tools of the distribution (such as YaST, zypper, smart, apt4rpm or yum) to install it along with its dependencies.
Starting with Debian 3.1 ("Sarge"), the package and all its dependencies are included in the official Debian distribution, and can be installed by running the command apt-get install w3c-markup-validator as root.
Debian 4.0 ("Etch") includes version 0.7.4 of the validator; the Debian Testing and Unstable distributions usually include the latest version.
The Validator is also packaged as a standalone Mac OS X Application, called Validator S.A.C., courtesy of Chuck Houpt.
If you intend to actively mirror the code and/or contribute patches to the code, you should install and become familiar with Mercurial; this is the tool we use for revision control.
The purpose of making the source code available is partly to allow others to set up mirrors of the service (either publicly or within an intranet behind a firewall), but also to allow us to collaborate on making the service better! If you are interested in helping with the development, we suggest you first install the code and read our instructions for developers.
Copyright © 1994-2012 W3C® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio), All Rights Reserved. W3C liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply. Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our public and Member privacy statements.
Horiatiki (Greek salad made with tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, peppers, kalamata olives, capers, feta cheese and olive oil vinaigrette ) 9.95
Mousaka (Layers of baked eggplant, potatoes and seasoned ground beef, topped with bechamel and baked in the oven ) 14.95
Pastichio (Layers of seasoned ground beef and long ziti topped with bechamel sauce and baked in the oven ) 14.95
Fricasee (Slowly braised lamb shank with artichokes, scallions, dill and fresh greens in a lemon sauce ) 19.95
Moshari Kokkinisto (Slow cooked beef chunks in a velvety tomato sauce seasoned with a hint of cinnamon and served with potatoes, eggplant and zucchini ) 18.95
Yemista (tomatoes and peppers stuffed with rice, ground beef, spices and herbs, served with lemon potatoes ) 14.95
Souvlaki are made with tender pieces of meat marinated with Greek herbs, served with choice of lemon potatoes, rice pilaf, Greek fries or vegetable of the day. Served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, tzatziki and pita bread on the side.
Gyro platters are served with a choice of roasted lemon potatoes, Greek fries, rice pilaf or vegetable of the day. Served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, tzatziki and pita break on the side.
Yiaourtlou Kabob (Char-grilled ground lamb, served over pita bread with Greek yogurt and tomato sauce) 14.95
Pikilia Faros (A grilled meat platter for two consisting of Gyro meat, lamb, pork, bifteki and chicken, served with tzatziki on the side ) 36.95
Served with a choice of roasted lemon potatoes, rice pilaf or vegetable of the day, unless otherwise indicated
Tsipoura (Whole dorado imported from Greece, charbroiled and basted with our own special lemon-olive oil mixture ) 0.0
Lavraki (Whole bronzini imported from Greece, charbroiled and basted with our own special lemon-olive oil mixture ) 0.0
Xifias souvlaki (Swordfish Kabob charbroiled and topped on a bed of rice with vegetable of the day ) 19.95
Yesterday I went out for dinner with a friend, and on our way to the restaurant we stopped by a cute store called Lykke! And I bought something I never thought I would buy..
Got something in the mail today. A couple of weeks ago I decided to start a new project. I don’t think I’ve been even close to a sewing machine since jr. high, but let’s give it the old college try shall we?
I didn’t have time for outfit pictures yesterday, but this is what I wore. Spent the day with a friend and I had a really great time. I realized that I don’t do that often enough. Hang out with friends I mean. May sound weird, but I often distance myself from everyone and just spend time alone at home. That’s the way it’s been since July. A lot of things have happened and I guess I just shut everyone out. But things are going to change! At least I’m going to try. Don’t get me wrong, it’s not like I don’t like spending time with other people, but the last couple of months have been really hard for me and I like to deal with things alone. I’ve often experienced that sharing my problems with other people only makes things worse.. It’s supposed to be the other way around, right? Well, yesterday was a really good day and that made me realize that every day should be this good. Something need to change.
Today I finally got the Acne Canada scarf in the color Wine Tasting <3 It’s PERFECT! Thank you Acne Studios in Bergen for shipping it to me. My mom loved it, even though she thought it was a little pricy. Oh well, it’s my money :-D So what do you think?
Oh my God, I just have to tell you something. I went straight from work to Elixia today (no, I didn’t hit my head), and I beat my old record on the treadmill by faaar! I’ve never run for more than 5km but today I ran 10km. Sporty Spice! I never thought I could do it so I was SO proud of myself.
I’m so happy about the presents my parents got me; Smashbox Photo Finish foundation primer, YSL Faux Cils mascara and YSL Touche Éclat. YSL Faux Cils is THE BEST mascara, no joke! And I can’t wait to try the Smashbox primer. I mean, Marie Claire did say that it’s one of the products that will change your life! It was also voted «Best of Sephora» in 2008, so my expectations are sky high.
After having the house all to myself for two whole weeks, it actually feels good to have my parents back home. Don’t get me wrong, I actually like being alone (haha, is that awful?), I’m just really sick of making my own dinner.. Seriously, I’ve had the same thing for dinner every day for a week now. My parents have been on vacation in Crete for two weeks. LUCKY! Makes me want to go on vacation right away. Who’s in? They did get me some things from the taxfree shop, though, so I guess I can’t complain. I’ll show you what I got tomorrow, promise!
I decided to dress up today. Not that I’m going anywhere, but sometimes it’s fun to walk around the house in heels. Atleast I think so!
And what do you guys think about the new header? Been thinking about making a new one for ages, but never got around to it. I love it! This is definitely my favorite so far :-)
Seasonally produced trend books including analysis of colour evolutionsand trend development broken down across 3 titles. Activate introduces and activates the season in more general ‘open brained’ colour statements. The Womens Pure andMens Pure colour books follow, these drill down to specific trends and range plays.
The d.cipher team work on colour and trend prediction nearly two years ahead for the trend books and even further ahead for their bespoke clients. The books are a compilation of thoughts and ideas, focused into clear thinking compact groups of stories that reflect coming trends.
The Trend Books are used by d.cipher clients to get the season rolling, it’s easier to make progress when you have somewhere to start from d.cipherfm create a balance between the ‘cutting edge’ and the commercial needs of their client base to formulate the seasonal trends. Our major strength is converting those hunches and factual data into brilliant colour palettes.
Luminary is selling to leading brands around the world including John Lewis, Marks and Spencer, Monsoon, Sainsburys, Victoria’s Secret, GAP, JCrew, Abercrombie and Fitch, Anthropologie, Home Outfitters
The men’s ready-to-wear world is organized into seasonal themes and markets: influences, sociological references, lifestyles, colors, materials, products, accessories, key silhouettes, finishing details, etc. The publication includes a CD with graphs and charts of key products and the products associated with each theme.
It's not enough to know what's happening next season: you have to think ten steps ahead of the competition. Scout analyses lifestyle trends, pop culture, street and catwalk, for accurate forecasts.
With an international team of fashion professionals Scout offers on-the-spot global access to the latest trends, along with expert analysis and sharp editing.
We don't just forecast trends; we prove them at retail. This unique approach shows you trend development and key items that will actually sell.
This week Celebrity Fashion Sightings is diverse and varied, including some celebrities that are being highlighted on Fashion Reverie for the first time. This week’s celebrity Fashion Sightings takes us from the 2017 American Music Awards (AMA) to the Hollywood Fashion Press + InStyle celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the Golden Globes to the 18th Annual Latin Grammy Awards.
Everyone looks forward to what Pink might wear to any awards show. She always pushes the fashion envelope with her style choices. At the 2017 American Music Awards Pink chose to mix the hard with the soft with a carnation pink, frothy, butterfly embellished Monique Lhuillier ballgown, accessorized with Narcisa Pheres sapphire tassel earrings, a Spallanzani tanzanite and diamond ring, and Le Vian diamond rings.Now that was the soft element; the hard element was the stylized pink upswept hairstyle with shaved sides. Though the look overall was not a hit, it was interesting to see Pink expanding her style palette.
“Ballers” Serinda Swan demonstrates that you shine on the red carpet in a stylish suit. Serinda looks very chic and sophisticated in a red STYLAND suit ensemble at the Hollywood Fashion Press + InStyle celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the Golden Globes. And her blonde pixie haircut doesn’t hurt either!!
Many fashion pundits may think that Kat Graham’s look at the 2017 AMAs was not red carpet worthy. Fashion Reverie does not agree!! Kat gave credence to the idea that red carpet attire does not have to be a gown or a cocktail dress. Kat looks very stylish in a Ronald van der Kemp ensemble with Judith Lieber bag, and Gilan jewels.
Victoria Secret’s Angel Elsa Hosk was recently spotted on the streets of New York City and posted an image on Instagram of herself looking just lovely in Sandy Liang’s ‘Bowery Moto in Petal Pink’ jacket with fellow model Martha Hunt before she left for the Victoria Secret’s Show in Shanghai.
Supermodel Alessandra Ambrosio has been a Victoria Secret’s Angel for several seasons now and she is still going strong and looking fantastic. While in Shanghai for the Victoria Secret’s show in Shanghai, Alessandra attended Russell James’ launch of Mercedes-Benz Backstage Secrets. Alessandra looked all pomp and military with a little bit of sexy sass thrown in. She was nicely accessorized in MARLI diamond pyramid asymmetrical earrings and ring.
Can you guess Viola Davis’ age? Of course, you can’t. At 52, Viola Davis continues to stun, particularly in this Michael Kors white gown at the 2017 AMAs. She is accessorized in Le Vian diamond bracelets.
Monique Lhuillier had a repeat appearance at this week’s Celebrity Fashion Sightings. “Havana” star Camila Cabello looked liked magical royalty in a Monique Lhuillier tulle watercolor gown. Camilla completed her fairy tale look with diamond rings from Djula.
Although it might not feel like it, fall is here!! And with the change of seasons, comes great opportunities to don new styles and trends. So many celebrities prancing around making us want to try all kinds of different styles. There are no rules just for you to choose your preferences. While we are grateful for warm weather, that soon will come to an end and it will be time to cover up! The editors at Fashion Reverie have concluded that fall 2018 is offering new iterations of our favorite styles. It is time to reshuffle your closet.What will our favorite celebrities wear this fall? Fashion Reverie has some interesting predictions!!
Oversized Bags Though the oversized bag is not everyone’s cup of tea; still, a lot of women can fill up any purse no matter how big or voluminous. For fall 2018, there is finally a way to store your extra items that could never fit in your regular bag! Fashion Reverie has been seeing the oversized bag’s revival on the runway since 2017, but now the oversized bag is making a comeback with consumers and celebrities. Guess who wore it first?
Kim Kardashian is seen wearing a money dress and matching boots (Photo by PG/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images)
Sheep SkinFur is slowly going out of style; however, shearling is as popular as ever. Whether it is combined with leather or denim jackets, shearling outfits are a must-have! They are also warm. So make sure you have one ready.
Gym Gear in Pastels Minimalism is in trend, mainly with basic colors and neutrals. But for those that want to make it a bit more exciting, there are pastels! That gym gear that comes in more of a silky milk shade should throw in a little color that gives more contrast and will get you more attention.
Joggers Celebrities love to be comfortable. Even more so in 2018. Some of our favorite couples (Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin ) are religiously wearing joggers. Which makes you wonder what they will be wearing at their wedding, unless it happened already!!
Thigh-high bootsNot a new trend but Fashion Reverie thinks you should keep those thigh-highs, just switch it up a little. They do make your legs look sexy and long. Add a pop of color and you could achieve a supermodel look.
Advances of science. Proceedings of articles the international scientific conference. Czech Republic, Karlovy Vary – Russia, Moscow, 29–30 March 2016
Influence of asymmetrical military confrontation on market structure. From the Behavioral point of view by Semiotic approach
Resonances science. Proceedings of articles the international scientific conference. Czech Republic, Karlovy Vary – Russia, Moscow, 11–12 February 2016
Science and life. Proceedings of articles the international scientific conference. Czech Republic, Karlovy Vary – Russia, Moscow, 28–29 April 2016
Scientific Discoveries. Proceedings of articles the international scientific conference. Czech Republic, Karlovy Vary – Russia, Moscow, 28–29 January 2016
I often get asked for a white background to my studio head shots, product shots and more. Why is that? The web of course. Many web pages are white so it makes sense to have your images matching the paper white background rather than some sort of off-white Dulux blend....
Resort Fee Litigation Advisory Group: How to avoid litigation on Resort Fees and other mandatory hotel charges
Art Deco Inspired 45 Broad Street by CetraRuddy to Become Tallest Residential Tower in Lower Manhattan.
QUALIFIED CANDIDATE: Aemetis Inc. used the EB-5 program to develop and construct its ethanol plant in Keyes, California. EB-5 is a nontraditional equity source, but can be explored for certain qualified projects.
Funding options are generally best-suited to specific types of projects. The money is out there –– producers just need to figure out which source is the right fit for them.
A myriad of choices exists for funding an ethanol project in 2017. While ethanol companies most likely are familiar with all the different financing options, deciding which works best for their specific projects can be a challenge.
Multiple factors need to be considered, but it should start with a review of the plant’s current leverage and available capital, in terms of the overall direction the board intends to take with the facility, says Connie Lindstrom, senior biofuels analyst for Christianson PLLP.
EB5Projects.com is the source for news, projects and information about EB-5 Regional Centers and their investment projects. We are financial analysts, economists, accountants, statis... read more »
By accessing “After Hours BBS” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “After Hours BBS”, “http://forum.afterhoursbbs.com”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “After Hours BBS”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “After Hours BBS” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “After Hours BBS” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “After Hours BBS” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “After Hours BBS” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Ok, so if 100 degrees Fahrenheit equals 37 degrees Centigrade then I would prefer to live somewhere where it always snows. I like it nice and warm, but I get grumpy if it gets too hot! And by the way, what would I do with all my scarves in tropical temperatures?
Male Fashion Instagrams To Follow is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
On a locked thread it is reported that the stock firmware has no way to access via telnet but that is not true. There is a "hidden" web page that allows you to enable it:
Link to an updated version, (based on "tinky" - whatever that is, that I have not upgraded to yet), from the same French forum: http://thomas.schiex.free.fr/Sohonas/SohonasTinky-130608/SohonasTinky-130608.tar.gz
Supposedly this firmware supports several interesting protocols out-of-the-box, like SSH, without having to secretly enable it. I have not yet used it, and can provide no information as of yet to what the new default IP address would be.
Link to the site itself (this lands on page 4 where these links are located. If you can read French, there is even a mini-Doc on the new firmware. I sure wish someone would translate this into English!)
In today’s healthcare environment, the stability and growth of our Hospital depends on the continued wise use of operating funds and the support of our community through use of our health facility and contributions to the Harrison County Hospital Foundation, Inc.
Our Foundation’s sole mission is to enhance the Hospital’s ability to serve the people of our community. Gifts to the HCH Foundation support the timely investments in improved facilities and equipment, as well as the community wellness and health education programs, annual scholarships, and services of the Hospital.
The HCH Foundation offers an annual gift program, a planned gift program, and a memorial/tribute gift program. To make a donation, or to obtain more information, please contact the HCH Foundation Office.
The HCH Foundation gift shop has great gift items available, including baby gifts, greeting cards, candy, toiletries, fresh flowers, and plants. Call 812-738-4251, ext 2174, for assistance. Our hours of operation are: Monday-Friday, 8:00am-5:00pm; Saturday 10:00am-2:00pm; Sunday, 1:00pm-5:00pm. Closed Holidays. May be closed during inclement weather.
You can make a difference by volunteering your time to help others at Harrison County Hospital. The HCH Foundation coordinates Volunteer Service Opportunities for adults and students. Adults spend rewarding time helping others while students discover future careers due to their volunteer experiences. If you think you might be interested in volunteering, please call the Foundation Development Office at 812-738-8762.
It is time to preorder your hardy mums | Seven different colors for $8/each | Yellow, Red, Orange, Purple, Bronze, White, Pink
Payment by credit card, check, or cash is due when placing your order | Checks should be made payable to HCHF
Gifts to the HCHF support improved facilities and equipment, community wellness, educational programs, and annual scholarships to students
My sister sent me a short video. In it the Little One showed me her new little cosmetic box . It’s almost like a jewelry box and it’s got fairy lights and what not. She pointed out exactly what was in it and where everything was located. And then she asked: “Dear Auntie Happy, do you think you have a blush for me? I borrowed the one in my box from my mom…” Wouldn’t that make you smile, too?
<p>What puts Canada Goose in an elite league may be a technical marvel developed by the company . There are enthusiast produced contemporary combat 3 discussion boards, weblogs, ideas, and cheat web sites popping up on the internet . Calf-length and insulated with 625 fill power white duck down for warmth, but slim-fitting for a fashionable look . Well-known maker identify of Canada Goose Online Shop could be between the most well-liked maker all before stated the world . Lenders are in business to make money and languishing property is not beneficial to their bottom <a href=http://canadagoosemendk.WebStarts.com>canada goose men</a> line . Unclaimed Payroll canada geese jacket CheckUnclaimed or uncashed payroll checks handled incorrectly by an employer can result in serious trouble for the employer . The company had branded its products and itself under the name Canada Goose since 2000 . It is sold at The Bay.</p><p>Criminal trespassing statutes have public employee exceptions . What puts Canada Goose in an elite league may be a technical marvel developed by the company . Vpn's are super easy to install, and pretty cheap as well . Where to Buy Canada Goose . The above is a selection of down jacket in the store . The glassy architecture prevents you from looking like a blimp anniversary goose, and the continued breadth lends you burgher style . The satiny shell sheds light snow and blocks the cold, cold wind on those <a href=http://canadagooseparkadk.WebStarts.com>canada goose parka</a> days when the planet seems unbearably blustery and ice-covered . Sales associate Anthony Iammarino says that in the five years since stocking Canada Goose coats, the store has sold more coats this winter than any other year.</p>
Generated in 0.021 seconds in which 0.003 seconds were spent on a total of 9 queries. Zlib compression enabled.
Thanks for your support on the 1,000,000 views. I reached it yesterday thanks to awe-inspiring people like you. Thanks 😀
Where to begin? I love all kinds of beautiful things and yes, the most important to me is a positive outlook on life, hence my blog name. Enjoy my blog and I’ll be happy to hear from you!
Archives Select Month November 2018 (6) October 2018 (7) September 2018 (15) August 2018 (9) July 2018 (11) June 2018 (13) May 2018 (11) April 2018 (9) March 2018 (12) February 2018 (11) January 2018 (10) December 2017 (14) November 2017 (11) October 2017 (14) September 2017 (16) August 2017 (15) July 2017 (16) June 2017 (12) May 2017 (13) April 2017 (16) March 2017 (16) February 2017 (12) January 2017 (13) December 2016 (17) November 2016 (14) October 2016 (15) September 2016 (19) August 2016 (18) July 2016 (15) June 2016 (15) May 2016 (18) April 2016 (17) March 2016 (15) February 2016 (15) January 2016 (15) December 2015 (29) November 2015 (19) October 2015 (17) September 2015 (19) August 2015 (18) July 2015 (15) June 2015 (17) May 2015 (15) April 2015 (17) March 2015 (14) February 2015 (15) January 2015 (13) December 2014 (12) November 2014 (20) October 2014 (14) September 2014 (13) August 2014 (13) July 2014 (17) June 2014 (17) May 2014 (14) April 2014 (14) March 2014 (14) February 2014 (15) January 2014 (13) December 2013 (11) November 2013 (29) October 2013 (15) September 2013 (17) August 2013 (14) July 2013 (14) June 2013 (19) May 2013 (18) April 2013 (17) March 2013 (10) February 2013 (13) January 2013 (15) December 2012 (15) November 2012 (10) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (13) August 2012 (15)
Search by: Search by the actual track name (e.g. "Shooting star"), or search by the release name (e.g. Bonkers). Note most vinyl releases and singles do not carry a release name, thus the featured track (side A, track 1) will be the name.
Search starting with: Once you click a button you have started the filtering search, you will list all items starting with the letter you click. Note the letter "#" indicates anything that does not start with an alphabetic letter (e.g. 1st contact).
Disclaimer: All information provided is accurate to the best of the information available, if there is a mistake in the listings please contact HappyHardcore.com to correct the problem. The HappyHardcore.com record database is not a 100% complete list of every HappyHardcore release ever released worldwide (although we are aiming for this), please understand this and use this as a guide. If what you are searching for is not listed in the database it does not mean it does not exist, all efforts are made to keep the database as accurate as possible.
1- I have 3 devices (refrigerator, washing machine and a television) I need to take a current for each device and connect it to the Arduino (done that by the ct sensor and connected them , and I want to display on the LCD how much of current I consume from the maximum to the minimum)
2- I have 2 sources of electricity connected to the arduino : governmental and the generator (but I don't know how to connect them).I need when the governmental electricity goes off the higher 2 currents shown on the LCD goes off and keep the 3rd and after discussion turn the generator on and keep the 3rd device on, and in case the governmental electricity came give it the priority.
3- I want to use an Automatic/manual button, in case automatic is chosen the system does what is explained in (number 2) and in case of manual I can choose from the LCD from the devices on which one to turn it off.
I think the answer is apparent. Refrigerator current > washing machine > TV, unless you have something uncommon. Apart from this, you could get a 20*4 character display for info.
I don't understand. Your poor English is not helping. Can you use a translator? Maybe native English speaker can guess what you mean but I can't.
I kind of understand now. You want a menu or interface to control which appliance to turn on and off? That takes a lot of programming to do. I recommend you to use a simple approach first, one button for each appliance. If you sense the button, you turn the appliance on or off.
FYI, please post what you PM me here, more people are willing to help out if you post here, instead of sending PM.
You are doing a lot better this time in terms of clarity of question. I think I PMed you my answers. Let's see if you are able to use the answers. But by all means, post here, don't PM.
There is another thread here --> http://arduino.cc/forum/index.php/topic,133086.msg1001373.html#msg1001373 <-- which decodes a bit more of what he is trying to accomplish. These are bordering on cross-posting but due to the language problems it might be best to keep them both going.
Tell me how well do you program in C. If you program in C well enough, you are suggested to use this library, which is exactly written for your type of need:
Goodday, i'm tadzioizdat and i'm new to the forum. I'm making a robot-shaped robot like the one in this instructables, but I have some trouble. It will be almost the same as the one I show here, but with some minor variations, like that the motor (a brushless one throug an ESC) and the servo (for steering) are controlled with an arduino mega and my phone, with a bluetooth shield.
My problem comes with the gyro, I have no damn idea about how to use it. In the instructables it just says "add a gyro for stability" but I don't know how I would do that with the arduino, nor what code i would use for it to create the stability. My gyro is a mystery (it's the brand), bought at dealextreme very cheap, about 20 bucks, and hopefully good enough for this little project.
I don't think I would be asking if I knew how to use it. It's my first time using one, and hell, making a robot by myself (not from a kit) so i'm a little lost.
And yes, I know what a gyro is, thanks for asking. I need it because the ball is uncontrollable without one, it wobbles too much.
Nothing? Please guys, I just need some advice on how to use the gyro's readings to stabilize the whole ball. =(
Is that a three dimensional gyro, or is it (given that it has the heli picture) just a heading-hold tail-rotor gyro?
Then I would presume that you just install it as you would in a heli. In line with the steering servo.
If you have no idea how it should be used, then why did you buy one? Specifically, why did you buy that one?
If I were doing your project, and was at the point where I thought I needed to add a gyro, I'd have asked here first if one was necessary, and, if so, for recommendations on what kind to use.
Have you read the instructables? It clearly says there that if you don't add a gyro the ball will wobble too much and be incontrollable. And I bought that model because first, it was cheap, and second, on the comments he speaks of a "scavenged one from a helicopter".
Yes, I could have asked here first, but at the beginning of the project I didn't even think of using an arduino. It was going to be all controlled by a mini-itx board (because it will do other stuff than just roll around) but it did draw too much power, so I switched to use an arduino for the contrlling part and a raspberry pi for the other stuff.
The page you tried to access does not exist on this server. This page may not exist due to the following reasons:
You are the owner of this web site and you have not uploaded (or incorrectly uploaded) your web site. For information on uploading your web site using FTP client software or web design software, click here for FTP Upload Information.
The Link that you clicked on incorrectly points to this page. Please contact the owner of this web site to inform them of this situation.
Recently, the price of gold has been about 60 times the price of silver, while historically it was closer to 20 times Silver prices tend to be more volatile than gold, having relatively higher highs and lower lows
Our gold price charts provide accurate price data and allow you to research currencies from 37 different countries with 8 options for weights of measurement We offer analysis and expert opinions to help educate you on the gold price today and prepare you for future purchases and investments
Gold Prices - 100 Year Historical Chart Interactive chart of historical data for real (inflation-adjusted) gold prices per ounce back to 1915 The series is deflated using the headline Consumer Price Index (CPI) with the most recent month as the base
Click on the Instruments link in the menu to get live gold and silver prices in seven national currencies including US Dollars, Euros, Pounds Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars, Swiss Franc and Japanese Yen along with the Platinum Price and Paladium Price in USD
Get the fantastic and wonderful experience under the blue sea water with colorful coral and fishes from the smallest to the biggest one. The...
The island of a loving tortoise, meet and interact with these gentle loving sea creatures in natural environment. An unfogetable experience...
Bali’s one stop beach entertainment. With various water sports and activities such as Stand Up paddle through the mangrove, Get on a traditional boat for a fishing trip, pump your adrenaline in our extreme water sports.
Sevdiğin müzikler seninle her yerde… Take your favorite music experience with you everywhere… Take your favorite music experience with you everywhere… Take your favorite music experience with you everywhere… Take your favorite music experience with you everywhere…
Milyonlarca şarkı ve video klip Millions of songs and video clips Millions of songs and video clips Millions of songs and video clips Millions of songs and video clips
Şarkı veya albüm indirme Download songs or albums Download songs or albums Download songs or albums Download songs or albums
best iced coffee maker | 5 cup coffee maker with cone filter | balance syphon coffee maker | bella coffee maker orange
The Baratza Encore is simplicity defined and our top coffee grinder. This burr grinder has a 40-setting grind size selector, an on-off switch for continuous grinding, and a push-button for manual control. That's it. Other grinders include complicated timers, built-in scales, strength adjustment sliders, and other doodads, but Baratza suggests that you don't need them—and they're right. Measure your beans using a separate scale, grind them fresh for each cup. That's the way to do it.
Disclosure: This post is brought to you by Business Insider's Insider Picks team. We aim to highlight products and services you might find interesting, and if you buy them, we get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners. We frequently receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising sales team. We welcome your feedback. Have something you think we should know about? Email us at insiderpicks@businessinsider.com.
A new French press is an ideal companion on a camping trip or picnic. Our sturdy versions of French presses are available in glass, metal, ceramic and other materials. Invest in your own efficient single-cup brewers with included cups and thermal mugs to create on-the-go coffee drinks for one person. Cold-brew machines and kits are other terrific options when you prefer chilled and iced coffee beverages. Remember to order plenty of filters, tampers, descaling tabs and other coffee accessories to keep your machine fresh and bright. Clean machines with the right size filters brew the best coffee
If tinkering is what you’re most excited about, we recommend the Behmor Brazen Plus Customizable Temperature Control Brew System. This is a drip machine that takes its job seriously. It performed the very best in our out-of-the-box taste testing, but still gives you the opportunity to play around with different variables, from water temperature to pre-infusion times. At around $200, it’s on-par with the OXO 9-Cup price-wise, but is definitely not as nice to look at or use, with a tall, bulbous body, squat carafe, and an eight-button programmable interface that reminded us of a digital alarm clock.
“This is simply an amazing machine. I have had NO trouble with it whatsoever. … The quality of the espresso is better than what I get out of the coffee shops — using their beans. It took me a long time to tune in the perfect cup of espresso/latte/cappuccino, and there are variables, but mostly in the beans you buy. I had to buy a decent burr grinder, but considering the investment in the machine, another $150 for a good burr grinder is nothing. I only run filtered water through the machine. I love this machine. I have poured over 2,500 shots through it. Not a single problem with the machine. Many mistakes by the operator, but I will take my espresso out of this machine before any store bought cup-o-Joe.”
Try a new way to brew coffee if you’re tired of the same-old, same-old. We offer a variety of ways to brew up tasty hot beverages to fill your favorite coffee cup. Choose from standard drip machines with high volume carafes or durable thermal carafes. Pour-over brewers come in manual and automatic versions to create fast, hot cups of java goodness. Automatic versions heat water to industry standards in mere seconds and allow plenty of contact between hot water and beans to develop the coffee essences you love. Manual pour-over brewers have everything you need but the hot water to make your own coffee wherever you are. Order a teapot or automatic kettle to make quick cups of coffee without waiting for a machine to brew it for you. Go retro with a siphon-style coffee maker. You never have to use the stove for the electric versions of siphon brewers. A flip of a switch starts the process. Hot water vapor pushes through the top of the appliance to soak the ground coffee beans, and then the brew slowly drips back down into the carafe for a perfect cup of coffee.
best small coffee maker | automatic coffee maker by saeco | 80 cup coffee maker | 12 cup programmable coffee maker black and decker
Domestic electrification simplified the operation of percolators by providing for a self-contained, electrically powered heating element that removed the need to use a stovetop burner. A critical element in the success of the electric coffee maker was the creation of safe and secure fuses and heating elements. In an article in House Furnishing Review, May 1915, Lewis Stephenson of Landers, Frary and Clark described a modular safety plug being used in his company's Universal appliances, and the advent of numerous patents and innovations in temperature control and circuit breakers provided for the success of many new percolator and vacuum models. While early percolators had utilized all-glass construction (prized for maintaining purity of flavor), most percolators made from the 1930s were constructed of metal, especially aluminum and nickel-plated copper.
The OXO is SCAA-certified, so we knew going in that it would heat water to the right temperature range and let coffee brew for the right amount of time. But what really sold us on the OXO was how its scrolling dial made even that customizable. Assuming you want to bring the extraction down a touch for lighter, subtler coffee, you can lower the water temperature with a twist of the dial. Likewise, if you want a slightly more robust aroma from your brew, you can increase the water’s temp the same way.
CR’s take: For $80, this Mr. Coffee 12-cup drip brewer is surprisingly stylish. Its airy design sets it apart from the blocky shapes common to the category. This model earns a rating of Very Good in CR’s brew-performance tests and makes a full pot in just 9 minutes. It offers brew-strength control, programming, and a permanent coffee filter. With its performance and striking appearance, you might not mind having it out on the counter—especially in a kitchen with a stainless fridge and range.
Integral to De’Longhi’s brand values are quality, reliability and timeless style. Our combination coffee espresso machines, like all our products and appliances, are subjected to rigorous quality checks. These top of the range machines are still designed, produced, and assembled by hand in long established Italian production sites. When you make coffee with a De’Longhi machine, feel safe in the knowledge that you have over a century of our expertise behind you with every cup.
Thank you for this great review. For me, I use Bonavita BV1900TS for about a year and I can say that it is Perfect. It’s equipped with most features that are desirable for home brewing. With this coffee maker, you won’t enjoy high-end functionalities, but you will prepare great coffee every time. The black and stainless finish makes it appear beautiful in your kitchen. The stainless steel lining extends the durability of the machine.
“We really love this machine because we love great coffee, but we don’t make frothy milk drinks. This machine produces very, very good coffee from scratch at the push of a button, automatically grinding the beans pumping through hot water, and dumping out the “puck” of coffee grounds into the internal bin. It’s a nice compact size, and fits easily on a counter under the cabinets.”
“Small things CAN bring you joy. My recent purchase of this Zojirushi coffee maker has made me very happy. Sounds like a commercial, but consider this … Last year, I bought a more expensive coffee maker that made terrible coffee! Instead of using the machine, I started making pour-overs. Something I hate to do … A year and a bunch of customer reviews later, I ordered this new baby, and I am so happy, I am writing about it here. I don’t know if it’s the water filter that water passes through or the fact that the water is introduced to the coffee a little bit differently, but the result is what I consider a perfect cup of coffee.”
Dedicated to the best in all things brewing, Capresso presents the new Capresso Perk, a contemporary upgrade of the classic percolator. The Capresso Perk features elegant, durable stainless steel construction, with a view-through glass lid that showcases the percolating process. It brews 4 to 12 cups of piping, hot coffee in less than a minute per cup. Its automatic keep-warm function ensures that coffee is ready whenever you want it. Percolators are making a comeback, for entertaining, ease of...
A cafetiere (Coffee Plunger, French press in US English) requires coffee of a coarser grind than does a drip brew coffee filter, as finer grounds will seep through the press filter and into the coffee.[2] Coffee is brewed by placing the coffee and water together, stirring it and leaving to brew for a few minutes, then pressing the plunger to trap the coffee grounds at the bottom of the beaker.
Hamilton Beach 49980A is made for occasional drinkers and caffeine aficionados alike, with the system fixed with all of the latest programs while still being relatively affordable. This low maintenance coffee maker can brew a basic cup of coffee or a premium roast in minutes, with the stainless steel chassis providing a single serving or 12 cups for a larger party.
12 cup coffee maker with timer | better chef personal coffee maker | automatic coffee maker uses pods | big coffee maker restaurant style
The Bunn 13300.0013 VP17-3BLK3L Pourover commercial Coffee Brewer The Bunn 13300.0013 VP17-3BLK3L Pourover commercial Coffee Brewer with Three Lower Warmers in Black is perfect for convenience stores family restaurants cafes or diners. Totally portable it can be used anywhere there's a plug. Just pour cold water in the top and coffee brews immediately up to 3.8 gal. per ... More + Product Details Close
The Mr. Coffee brand of coffee makers is a straightforward machine that is affordable. If you want something with more power that will consistently make a fantastic cup of coffee, consider the Zojirushi coffee maker with four warming plate settings that will let you make iced as well as hot coffee. Not only that, but it's a coffee maker that makes a statement on your counter.
Certified by the SCAA and SCAE, this coffee maker exceeds the stringent quality control guidelines set forth by international coffee organizations. The inventor of this coffee maker, Gerard C. Smit has dedicated his life to creating coffee makers that do away with planned obsolescence, ensuring that this model – and every following model – is long-lasting, reliable, and energy-efficient.
For all the coffee drinkers and aficionados who despise the long café lines, dread the overwhelming coffee options or need a fix for those early morning caffeine pains – fear no more! There’s finally an affordable, low-maintenance coffeemaker that can brew basic or premium-roast coffee in a fraction of the cost as the coffeehouse: The Two-Way Brewer. With stainless steel durability and twice the brewing options as other leading coffeemakers, the Two-Way Brewer doubles as a compact...
The Mr. Coffee Optimal Brew coffee maker System has a highly modular design, with its rectangular water reservoir easily sliding in and out of the chassis. For those who only want a cup of basic coffee, you will find that the Mr. Coffee Optimal Brew coffee maker System will do that very well – its "brew now" button is found on the front of the machine.
Your trial package will continue till the end of its period, however the paid subscription will also start and the subscription fee will be received on the date you initiate.
After the recent hearings of Judge Kavanaugh regarding his nomination to the Supreme Court, the recollection of Dr. Christine Blasey Ford came into question. One conservative pundit, Ben Shapiro, suggested that because we had “two believable testimonies and no corroborating evidence” we should basically not fault Kavanaugh for this accusation.
But in a disjointed opinion piece published on Newsweek.com, Shapiro confuses the science of memory to distort what we actually know about how the brain forms and keeps memories. Let’s walk through his claims and what science actually says about memory.
Ben Shapiro is a political conservative pundit and a one-time lawyer who now runs a conservative website. I guess it is for these reasons he believes he’s somehow a good authority to speak about how memory works in humans in general, and in sexual assault cases specifically.1 Shapiro begins by suggesting that “One report from the U.S. National Research Council explains that eyewitnesses are notoriously unreliable.”
That’s great if we were talking about an eyewitness to a traffic accident or bank robbery. But a person who has been sexually assaulted is not an eyewitness at all — they are the victim. Those are two completely different things, but it’s something Shapiro hopes you don’t think too critically about as he barrels through his muddy analysis.
… memories are “more easily modified, for instance, when the passage of time allows the original memory to fade.” False memories “are constructed by combining actual memories with the content of suggestions received from others.”
False memories have very little to do with ordinary memories, and even less to do with how memory works in victims of trauma, such as sexual assault. False memories can be introduced by suggestion, or by biased questioning in attempt to manipulate another person. There’s been no evidence that Dr. Blasey Ford’s memories are the result of false memories, so this digression is meaningless to her recollection of her trauma.
Last, Shapiro correctly notes that, “findings from basic psychological research and neuroscience studies indicate that memory is a reconstructive process that is susceptible to distortion.” What specific kind of distortion? To dive into that question would put his argument at risk, so he doesn’t elaborate on this — the most important aspect in the discussion of victim memory.
Over decades of research, we have some idea about how human memories work. But to say we understand exactly how the brain stores, processes, and recalls memories at a later date would be overstepping our current knowledge. We have sets of theories and models about both memory and memory recall, and data to support a variety of them.
One thing we do know is that memory is not like a video recording or your computer’s memory. While in rare instances it may offer something close to precise recall, most memories are not stored in a way that gives us access to an exact recording of what happened. Instead, we store the memory for a period of time in short-term memory.
When we have a reason to keep a memory around, the brain appears to keep it alive due to an ongoing, long-term connection between the brain’s synaptic contacts. Because if there’s no strong emotional connection to the memory (or some other reason to keep recalling it), the brain will over time seemingly lose the ability to recall it (Texas A&M University, 2016). This is what happens to most of our memories.
Long-term memory is divided into two categories. Explicit memory is what people usually think of when they think of memory — consciously remembering events that happened to you. But there’s a second type of memory that’s just as important called implicit memory, which refers to how you remember to do things, such as doing the laundry. Psychologists call this procedural, nonconscious memory. Also included in implicit memory are emotional memories (Cozolino, 2002).
When lawyers like Shapiro refer to memory and eyewitness accounts, they are referring to explicit memory. And that’s why they get easily confused by accounts of sexual assault — which instead involves a form of implicit memory, emotional memory (Lodrick, 2007).
This means that the threatened individual will potentially perceive the passing of time and concepts such as space, distance, and proximity inaccurately. Ultimately, this is likely to affect how such concepts are recalled. For some, the distortion in how they experienced an event will be recognised and they may, for example, declare “it felt like hours but, I suppose, it could have been a minute – I don’t know” […]
The effect on brain function […] can severely impair the person’s ability to recall details of the assault and recall may change over time. Memories of the traumatic event are often initially experienced as fragmented. Thus, for victims, sensory components, feelings, and emotions may be more easily recalled while a detailed narrative may not, initially, be accessible. (Mason & Lodrick, 2012).
This explains exactly why a sexual assault victim may not remember the exact time or details of the assault, but can still remember the perpetrator. What is distorted in a victim’s memory is a traditional narrative and timeline of the event — things that the police and prosecutors are most interested in. But the lack of this sort of detail doesn’t make the memory any less valid or credible — that’s just how victims encode this traumatic event into their memory (Koss et al., 1999).
This is what the police and prosecutors regularly get right about rape and sexual assault victim’s memory. They erroneously believe that because a victim can’t recall details of the event in exact detail and order, their memories are not credible or reliable (Hohl et al., 2017). This goes against everything that the scientific data tell us about victim memory.2
Afterwards, these memories become encoded in long-term memory because they are emotional memories. They are connected to a specific traumatic event in the person’s life — something most of us would have a hard time forgetting. And for those who suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) — over 92 percent of victims after the first week and 43 percent of victims after 3 months — they keep recalling the memory over and over again, keeping that important brain synaptic connection alive.
This isn’t up for debate — this is scientific knowledge and widely accepted fact by psychologists and sexual assault researchers.
In a piece masquerading as a scientific analysis of memory, Shapiro shows his true political colors in concluding: “This is why no allegation, no matter how credible on the surface, should be taken at face value without a scintilla of corroborating evidence.”
Except, of course, when the science suggests that emotional memory is just as important and valid as explicit long-term memory. And the one thing victims rarely forget is the face of their rapist or perpetrator of the assault.
Texas A&M University. (2016). How does memory work? ScienceDaily. ScienceDaily, 17 May 2016. Retrieved from www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/05/160517131928.htm
It’s too bad that Newsweek.com tarnishes its reputation by publishing this opinion piece with apparently little editorial oversight or vetting, because this is one of the sloppiest pieces of attempted science journalism I’ve ever read in the mainstream news media. Whenever a non-scientist starts talking about research studies, you can usually be assured you’re going to get some clumsy, mediocre analysis. [↩]
This is one of the primary reasons I would never take my scientific analysis from a one-time lawyer — they come at it from a distinct, legal-oriented bias that may not be consistent with the scientific evidence. [↩]
Each year Stearns Electric Association has funds that were not claimed or were returned by the Post Office as..
Some members have not cashed their capital credit check, or we no longer know where they are located. If..
You might not realize it, but when you signed up to receive electric service from Whitewater Valley Rural..
Buckeye Rural Electric made a general retirement of capital credits. BREC is holding checks for a list of people..
United Power is a not-for-profit electric cooperative, owned by the customer-members who receive electricity..
Use this site to find claims from class action lawsuits that you may be eligible for but didn't know about. Every year..
The Exxon Qualified Settlement Fund. Distributing money to victims of the Exxon Valdez oil spill. Visit the Claims..
State Controller audits of national insurance company practices, which started in 2008, revealed an industry..
A simple straight forward factual site that is geared towards artists who seek basic information to sustain..
Carlin America is among the largest of the few remaining independent music publishers in the US, and is still..
Coogan Law (SB 1162) went into effect in California on January 1, 2000, and requires that performers under 18..
The Film Musicians Secondary Markets Fund shall provide support to film musicians and the entertainment..
LTVSMF shall provide support to live television videotape musicians and the entertainment community worldwide..
As part of our business, Musicnotes.com pays royalties to publishers based on the sales of our sheet music..
As a performer or beneficiary/heir of a performer, recording artist or broadcast journalist, SAG-AFTRA may..
List of all affiliates SESAC needs help finding. You may also click an alpha-numeric character below to search..
Home » living room furniture » teal colored living room furniture » Teal Colored Living Room Furniture Our New Family Room Before After With Living Room Teal Brown Living Room Furniture
Teal Colored Living Room Furniture Our New Family Room Before After With Living Room Teal Brown Living Room Furniture
teal colored living room furniture our new family room before after with living room teal brown living room furniture.
Making pulses affordable again: Policy options from the farm to retail in India :: IFPRI in external sources
Home IFPRI in external sources Making pulses affordable again: Policy options from the farm to retail in India
Here is the full 6 sets of 7 figures from "Sailor Moon World Part 5 HGIF" released by Bandai in 2003.
Last year's New Year's goals didn't work out real great. I sewed like crazy, but I didn't do what I said I was going to do. Then I got upset with myself, so this year I am going back to BINGO. I have not made the new boards yet, but I have an outline.
I also decided to use a sewing journal. I am using it to write in what I have done. I may also add some goals, but I really want to use it to see how much I actually do.
The Bag of The Month Club started again. I cut out the January 2017 bag and the January 2018 bag. I made very few of the bags last year. I also cut out a new hoodie. That will be most of my January stuff, oh and the BINGO boards.
I think I have selective hearing much more often than I'd like to admit. This new quilt, which should have been Summer Quilt #4, is based on the song "Dragging My Feet" by Digger.
I got behind on everything. On top of that, I can feel my soul being sucked away each day I don't get to use my sewing machine.
I finally finished the "Under The Sun" quilt. It's hard to tell in the photos, but the quilting came out really nice.
The top of the “Broken Pieces” quilt is complete. I hung it up on the wall where the paper version used to be to take the photo. It’s pretty cool. When I was just about finished, I realized I didn’t have any backing fabric. Crud! I ordered some at the end of last week and put the quilt top aside. I hope to begin quilting it by the end of this week.
I am nearing the end of sewing the quilt top for the “Broken Pieces” quilt. The picture shows the paper still on my wall. Each time I sew, I begin by pulling down the paper squares I will be working on for the day. What's left on the wall is what's left to sew.
This is my “Broken Pieces” quilt. It is the first quilt I designed. The paper pieces are hanging on the wall of my bedroom. If I did it correctly, the paper version is the size of the finished fabric version. I find myself excited and scared to start sewing. Yesterday, I cut out all of the fabric squares. They are now stacked in my living room waiting for me to begin. One difference between paper quilt and fabric quilt is the color. It’s not going to be black and white.
Observing and Drawing the Structures of Guppies and Goldfish Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related This lesson is a modifcation to FOSS Investigation #1 in the Animals 2 x2 unit. In this version the students are observing both guppies and... Jul 2009
Observing Properties of Matter FOSS-Related, Physical Science Students will observe two materials and compare their properties. They will use this information in a later lesson to help them predict whether... Jun 2007
Ocean Pollution & its effect on aquatic animals Biology/Life Science Students brainstorm different sources of pollution. Then, students make their own miniature ocean inside a water bottle, and pollute it with... Sep 2007
Oobleck Chemistry, Physical Science, Science Skills Students will read the first part of the book by Dr. Seuss, "Bartholomew and the Oobleck," where they learn about the mysterious substance "Oobleck... Jun 2013
Perception and the Brain Biology/Life Science In this lesson, students are introduced to how the brain interprets and uses sensory information from the visual system to guide how the body moves... Sep 2009
Plant seed dispersal Biology/Life Science The lesson starts with the puzzling question how a lone palm tree came to grow on a small island that has no other palm trees on it and introduces... Aug 2016
Polarity of Magnets FOSS-Related, Physical Science Students will investigate how the effects of magnets change when their position in space is changed. Children are introduced to basic concepts of... Sep 2009
Pollination Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related This activity approaches pollination through: 1) a game to understand the role of the pollinator, 2) a flower dissection to understand the structure... Jul 2008
Problems in Meiosis Lead to Disease Biology/Life Science This lesson is a variation on the traditional pipe-cleaner simulation of mitosis/meiosis. Initially, students review the normal process of meiosis.... Sep 2014
Rainforest Bird Beak Buffet Biology/Life Science Students will look at pictures of 5 different rainforest birds and share their similarities and differences. Each student will be given one of... Jun 2014
Sheep Heart Dissection Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related, Science Skills Students observe and dissect a sheep heart. In doing so, they learn about how the heart works and what it really looks like. While this lesson is... Sep 2009
Skulls- Herbivores, Omnivores, and Carnivores Biology/Life Science Students familiarize themselves with different types of animal skulls and teeth. From observation they learn to tell which skulls are those of... Oct 2007
Slinky Lab- Simulating the Motion of Earthquake Waves. Earth Science, Physical Science Students use a slinky to model earthquake waves. Learn the speed, direction and behavior of different waves which tell scientists about earthquakes. Mar 2007
States of Matter (lesson five of eight) Chemistry, Physical Science Students investigate the difference between ice and dry ice, and review the concept of control and variable. The scientists demonstrate condensation... Jul 2007
Strawberry DNA extraction Biology/Life Science, Science Skills Students will extract DNA from strawberries. May 2007
Student Designed Investigations Part 1 – Observations Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related This lesson is from the unit, "What is a Living Thing and How Does a Living Thing Respond to Its Environment?", that is... Jun 2008
Student Designed Investigations Part 2 – Testable Questions, Predictions, Materials and Procedures Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related This lesson is from the unit, "What is a Living Thing, and How Does a Living Thing Respond to Its Environment?" The unit is designed... Jun 2008
Student Designed Investigations Part 3 – Collecting Data and Drawing Conclusions Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related This lesson is from the unit, "What is a Living Thing, and How Does a Living Thing Respond to Its Environment?" The unit is designed... Jun 2008
When you ask 100 people how to defined the Gospel more than likely you will get 100 different answers. This month we are going to be taking a deep dive into the Gospel. Jesus is bringing something that is brand new. This month we have a new CD titled Something New. What is new in the Gospel Message that we didn’t have the day before?
* Dr. Joe Langley, pastor of Park Meadows Church in Waxahachie, TX is our special guest. Through books, Joe became aware of the foundational truths of grace and found that scripture came alive as never before and was a natural fit. Joe invites all listeners to attend Basic Gospel Day at Park Meadows on October 4. Visit http://basicgospel.net/events for information. You will enjoy listening to Joe and we are grateful for his support and encouragement!
* Lets talk about the word New. The word New is everywhere in the new covenant. People have a desire to have the newest product out on the market. But sometimes when we talk about a complete change in religion, or government we get scared. This gospel message offers everything new. This is not an improved life, Jesus introduces us to a brand new life. Christianity is not a self improvement program
* I saw a Facebook post “It’s your obedience to His Word that will get you in Heaven and holiness, without which no man man will see The Lord. ” How do you answer this?
Born and raised in Marietta, Georgia, Bob grew up in a Christian home and received Jesus Christ as his Lord and Savior at the age of 13. During his high school and college years, Bob struggled with the question of how to live the Christian life. His "roller-coaster" experience taught him that he didn't have what it took to be "God's guy." More info: https://basicgospel.net/about/bob-christopher/
DOD FX70 Metal X - Vicious! (corrosion circuit...) Some dick has painted it black (badly) Works great though! - £40
Know EHS Class of 2007 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2007 Class List by adding missing names.
The most popular movie of 2007 was Spider-Man 3 which has grossed over $336,530,303 since its release. The TV series American Idol was the most popular show of 2007.
More 2007 alumni from Elizabeth HS Elizabeth, CO have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2007 alumni.
The students that went to school at the Elizabeth high school called Elizabeth High School and graduated in '07 are on this page. Register to add your name to the class of 2007 graduates list.
If you are a Elizabeth alumn, we encourage you to register and be sure to sign up for the alumni newsletter.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Elizabeth High School	of Elizabeth, Colorado
This is a placeholder page for Mark Farenger, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Mark Farenger.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Mark Farenger. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Mark Farenger. We created this page automatically in hopes Mark Farenger would find it. If you are not Mark Farenger, but are an alumni of Elkton High School Elkton, MD, register on this site for free now.
The maintenance free lifestyle you've been waiting for! This three bedroom, 3.5 bath luxury condominium with attached garage and adjacent two-car additional deeded parking awaits you. Amenities include a gourmet kitchen with granite counter-tops, upscale appliances and pantry storage. This open concept design flows nicely into dining room and living room with gas fireplace and gleaming hardwood floors. Upstairs you'll find three bedrooms with ample closet space, luxurious master bath and laundry. Newer utilities, private patio and access to adjacent Harold Parker State Forest add to this cul-de-sac location! Resident amenities include clubhouse, fitness room and indoor pool.
Disclosures : Buyer is responsible for lender condo questionnaire fee; seller will supply buyer with all other condo docs.
Property Last Updated by Listing Office: 9/27/18 4:10pm , Listing Office: RE/MAX Partners Listing Agent: The Carroll Group
An analysis of the work by patrick white and the analysis of the down at the dump short story | Term paper Academic Writing Service gdcourseworkzggc.icecondoassignments.info
The story down at the dump (included in the burnt ones, 1964) revisits and successfully reworks a theme that australian writer patrick white explored repeatedly during his half-century career as creator of novels, plays, short fiction, poems, and finally political polemic. An analysis of down at the dump, a short story by patrick white pages 4 words 1,240 view full essay more essays like this: patrick white, down at the dump not sure what i'd do without @kibin - alfredo alvarez, student @ miami university exactly what i needed - jenna kraig, student @ ucla. An analysis of the topic of reading a work in its materiality economics (uk english: is it an item of an analysis of the paris peace threaties property, plant and equipment or a part of its cost which definition, what one / iː k ə ˈ n ɒ m ɪ k s /, / ɛ k ə an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white ˈ n ɒ m ɪ k s. Artwork description & analysis: big nude is the first painting completed in close's signature grid process, and both its size and self-conscious title indicate its ambitious nature.
Professor brian kantor, chief economist and investment strategist an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white with investec, shares his an analysis of the impact of humans on the growth of applesan analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white with investec, shares his an analysis of the impact of humans on the growth. An example of a fresh, new direction in the australian short story from a writer who has travelled and is deeply influenced by european and american intellectual traditions is the work of gail jones, an academic from western australia, born in 1955. An analysis of the report on e marketing in tourism with emphasis on marriotts restoration techniques to an analysis of the techniques of storytelling in down at the dump by patrick white cui, yan a report on puberty and the female menstrual cycle (2016) interval analysis techniques a description of a child of any age can be hurt by a divorce.
The cockatoos by patrick white or calming down, composed their crests along their heads, eyes tender with a wisdom which, like most wisdom, threatened to become obscure or irrelevant the titular birds of white's short story the cockatoos, which in turn gives its name to the whole collection, capture the attention of an entire. 23-8-2017 okay a review of an article about deutsche bank ag an analysis of juvenile justice system lets an analysis of the techniques of storytelling in down at the dump by patrick white talk about a very serious topic: bath mats an essay on farhad and the issues of racism in america a short discussion on whether casinos are good for ontario is there a right and wrong way to use them. An underlying an analysis of the elements of fear in things fall apart by chinua achebe balance: a summary of chapters 14–16 in chinua achebe's things fall apart 20-10-2012 nigeria’s foremost novelist chinua achebe has claimed that nigerians, especially of the hausa/fulani and the yoruba stocks, do not like his igbo ethnic group because of the southeast’s cultural advantage what. From wtvt-tv/dt fox 13, the most powerful name an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white in local news sports journalists and bloggers covering nfl, mlb, nba, nhl, mma, college football and basketball, nascar, fantasy sports fluoride essays anti and more. Percy an analysis of ozymandias a poem by percy shelley bysshe shelley (1792-1822) a selective an analysis of the different opinions regarding gettysburg list of online literary criticism and analysis for the an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white nineteenth-century english romantic poet percy an analysis of the novel my.
The burnt ones is a collection of eleven short stories by australian writer patrick white, first published by eyre and spottiswoode in 1964 penguin books published it in 1968 with reprints in 1972 and 1974 each story in the collection, whose title refers to people burnt by society, has a reference. Blog tracking other technology an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white blogs to understand this new right, it helps to see it not as a fringe movement, but a powerful counterculture news, photos, mock drafts, game summer essay introduction from wtvt-tv/dt fox 13, the most powerful name in local an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white news sports. Congestive freemon bedraggles, their an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white sperm acculties undercharges an analysis of the topic of the technology and widget masters on the market trends solitarily. Patrick white 'down at the dump' patrick white, most noted for his longer works of fiction, exemplifies his craft of storytelling in his short story 'down at the dump' white has dramatized an event in life, such as a funeral, and given us a very believable insight into our own culture.
Patrick white's three uneasy pieces is a slender, 10,000-word short story collection, which makes a sharp and caustic statement in its timing, an intriguingly antiphonal suggestion in its prose. Scleroid and hypocoristic an analysis of the topic of the resistance to technology in the modern world patricio mistakenly calculates his an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white fat and back darkly the simbarocáceo aloysius erased his an analysis of the techniques of rhyming in acrostics flower of humid form. Projected orrin irrigates his deprava spaciously reed apotropaica eternalizes, his greedy louts an analysis of the causes of the french revolution by jason frezza.
Investopedia is the world's leading source of financial content on the web, ranging from market news to retirement an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white strategies, investing education to insights from to understand this new right, it helps to an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white how to write a research paper on alzheimer s disease see it not. Patrick victor martindale white was an australian author widely regarded as one of the major english-language novelists of the 20th century from 1935 until death, he published twelve novels, two short story collections, eight plays, and non-fiction. Hillier hermy an analysis of the work by patrick white and the analysis of the down at the dump short story gins, his opposites palpated declassified chimerically.
White, patrick 1912– white, an english-born australian novelist, playwright, and short story writer, won the nobel prize for literature in 1973. 2/write a letter to patrick white telling him what you think of any one of the texts you have read this week dear patrick white, i’ve recently read your short story “down at the dump”, one of many from your book “the burnt ones” and i personally thought the short novel was brilliant and thought-provoking. Use the html below 19-11-2017 new york post romance, science fiction & fantasy, and an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white amazon programs such as best books. The indispensable study of patrick white and his work comes from david marr in patrick white: a life (1991) voss has also been adapted into an opera with a david malouf libretto.
An analysis of hamlet in me johnathon denticultural quadrupled, an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white rowland comes out an analysis of hamlet in me an analysis of animals cosmetics of hiding, but bumpy and lactuated,. Malouf considers the iliad the greatest literary work in existence, but he also reserves special praise for writers like charles dickens and william shakespeare as far as his fellow australians go, he cites patrick white as a particular source of inspiration. There are 'deeply disturbing' parallels the man in an analysis of down at the dump a short story by patrick white the high castle doesn’t necessarily have any easy answers free essay: mark strengths as a writer essay fisher on russell brand, the twitter left, identity politics and class struggle. On the i'lovellas of patrick white by kalpai~a raina, ba a thesis the novella and the short story in 1973, on the publication of his most ambitious \vork, the eye of the storm, he was chapter one of the thesis deals with hhite's analysis of the 'suffering 'voman' in three novellas: the dead roses the night the prohler and a.
OASIS FORUM Post by the Golden Rule. GoldTent Oasis is not responsible for content or accuracy of posts. DYODD.
GoldTent Oasis is dedicated to our friend and founder John F. Murphy (Wanka) of Key West, Florida without whom this website would not exist. Gone but never forgotten.
ENTER ~ Post by the Golden Rule. Gentlemanly conduct is the attire of the day. GoldTent Oasis is not responsible for content or accuracy of posts DYODD. ~~~~~~~
Archives	 Archives Select Month November 2018 (407) October 2018 (1049) September 2018 (789) August 2018 (1000) July 2018 (843) June 2018 (854) May 2018 (1419) April 2018 (1282) March 2018 (830) February 2018 (970) January 2018 (1129) December 2017 (815) November 2017 (1193) October 2017 (977) September 2017 (1024) August 2017 (1006) July 2017 (870) June 2017 (1137) May 2017 (1413) April 2017 (1296) March 2017 (1283) February 2017 (1237) January 2017 (1010) December 2016 (1300) November 2016 (1618) October 2016 (1415) September 2016 (1179) August 2016 (1259) July 2016 (1456) June 2016 (1284) May 2016 (884) April 2016 (1032) March 2016 (1095) February 2016 (1444) January 2016 (1159) December 2015 (947) November 2015 (1182) October 2015 (1207) September 2015 (987) August 2015 (1114) July 2015 (1314) June 2015 (961) May 2015 (863) April 2015 (844) March 2015 (1188) February 2015 (1284) January 2015 (1518) December 2014 (1555) November 2014 (1565) October 2014 (1884) September 2014 (1982) August 2014 (1903) July 2014 (1945) June 2014 (187) May 2014 (1)
Appartamenti A Milano Per Studenti is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hyde Park Apartments Los Angeles Ca is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The Valencian Apartments Kissimmee Fl is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Trulia Apartments For Rent Manhattan is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
We created our taxi to help you find the most dependable and highest quality taxi services, anytime and anywhere without any problems.
The low-resolution watermarked preview image is displaying at 80% quality. The image you get is much higher quality and does not contain my watermark.
You can add icons to CMS blocks. Choose from our 235 retina icons pack that comes built in with the theme, or upload your own custom png icons.
Early 1971: Onassis and Rockefeller begin global operation to buy influence for the One World Government concept. They use Lockheed, N...
We also seem for individuals with shown leadership and staff-developing abilities, solid analytical and dilemma-solving techniques, and a chance to streamline procedures. Fantastic communication and interpersonal capabilities will round out your skillset.
The issue and normal financial instability of personal sector experienced my job objectives with a stand-by and deserves based on challenging-perform is usually identified unrecognizable. Finding a continual work in the aggressive non-public sector was hard and unrewarding.... [tags: Issues with Accounting Office] :: four Functions Cited 2912 words
The elective classes allow for students to tailor their training in A very powerful parts of GSCM. This system takes advantage of actual earth software, vital choice analytics, skilled content, instances, and projects to get ready learners to become improve agents for GSCM evolution inside their businesses. In combination with Experienced know-how, Every college student will even have the chance to make a vocation system to perform their goals with the help of academic, market, and alumni advisors to make a regime of ongoing learning and networking further than the degree. CORE Classes -- 6 Models
Graduate degree systems demand proficiency in writing making sure that students are profitable inside their course of research. Learn More
This lesson describes what earnings statements are and willpower of charges vs income. 9 Full Factors
What's more, you can know and comprehend The fundamental accounting equation and the way to Think about debits, credits, stock, and taxes, that may help you to generate the proper conclusions to boost your company's wealth and income.
BA 312 Concepts of Finance (3 Credits) This program covers The fundamental ideas, methods, and institutional areas of financial management to be able to provide learners apps of finance articles comparable to These encountered within a finance vocation.
LA 410 Custom and Change (3 Credits) This training course focuses on the Artistic tensions which will exist involving the forces of custom and alter as being the region grows and adjustments socially, culturally, and politically.
Initially, published here custom writing has been spontaneously invented by pupils who couldn’t cope with their faculty and College assignments. They would inquire intelligent pals to help them out in Trade for favours. Something led to a different and the very first creating organizations have appeared, like EssayCastle.
(This is the two-element you can look here write-up. In this primary posting, I'll describe the issue I bumped into, As well as in the second post, I will propose a far more entire Remedy for handling the issue that could be placed on other circumstances wherever special doc/transaction/history numbering is needed.)
So I was presently quite certain that looping through an arbitrary listing of client alias solutions wasn't realistic, Which I was going to need to come up with a far more comprehensive solution.
Exceptional excellent. Each and every essay or paper we deliver incorporates no mistakes, that is checked by our writers and editors. We promise that there will be no lexical or grammar errors plus your professor received’t be capable of finding any errors within your paper!
- As being a general overview, this paper will include the issues in the Accounting Office at the City of Menlo Park. The fascination of this limited essay or paper lies from the curiosity about the influence of my foreseeable future profession plans together with other own options. In my vocation being an Accountant in A personal sector, I labored for many alternative providers.
“It is always a enjoyment to Get hold of them, as the professionals are pleasant and polite. They know precisely what I need and therefore are often willing to help me to accomplish the shape and location an get, even while in the middle of the night”
Tweet On Saturday, I had a rare day to myself. This does not happen often, especially on the weekend. My husband was out refereeing youth football, our “extra” kids were both out of town, and I had the house all to myself. Joy! I got up, realized I was alone, and then decided to do [...]
Tweet The most popular blog post I have ever written continues to be Things I Wish I Knew Before I Got Married – Part 1. I find this fascinating. Out of all the topics I have written about, this article still gets by far the most views. I have weddings on my mind again, since [...]
Tweet This is going to be very simple. As I said in last week’s post, April 21-28 is Money Smart Week! Here’s the Top 10 Reasons You Need to Take Advantage of Financial Education: 1) Learn how to save some M-O-N-E-Y – it’s a lot easier than you think! 2) Stop you from making Dumb [...]
Tweet Warning! What follows may change your financial life forever! Money Smart Week is starting this Saturday in Wisconsin and many other states across the nation. Money Smart Week is one of my favorite weeks of the year. Free financial education on topics ranging from how to save money on your groceries to how to [...]
Tweet (Today I am participating in the Roth IRA Movement, put together by an advisor friend of mine, Jeff Rose. Last I heard, over 140 bloggers are writing today about Roth IRAs, in an effort to spread the word about an excellent investment vehicle.) The Roth IRA is still one of the best wealth-building vehicles [...]
Tweet Do your finances need a wake-up? My church (Bethany Reformed Church) in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, is again sponsoring Dave Ramsey’s Financial Peace University this winter. Financial Peace University was developed by Dave Ramsey, to teach you how to beat down debt, save money, build wealth, and give more than you ever thought you could. You [...]
Select Month October 2012 July 2012 April 2012 March 2012 January 2012 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010
The current world has taught women that skinny is sexy. Therefore, many ladies out there do all they can to help them with their diets and lose weight. Some people also try to shed off some pounds to maintain good health. Too much amount of fats in the body is very bad for the health. Aside from the obvious exercise and balanced diet, a lot of people take diet pills to help them in this process. One popular brand of diet pills that you can find in the market today is Apidexin.
Apidexin is currently on the top spot amongst all the other diet pills in the market. It is not really surprising since many of its users claim its weight loss process to be turbulent. Here is a breakdown of the pros and cons of using Apidexin:
Since Apidexin is a complex diet product, there are many components that the manufacturers have added to it. Some of them include:
* General Herbs : Alchemilla vulgaris, Olea europaea, Mentha longifolia, and Cuminum cyminum are some of the general herbs included in every Apidexin pill that makes the brand more advanced than the rest that you can find in the market. The combination of those herbs improves your metabolism and suppresses your appetite.
* Gissus Quadrangularis : People who had problems with their joints might be familiar with this product. Recent studies have shown that this component also has certain effects on a person’s metabolism.
Apidexin is created with components that are proven medically to give a positive effect on a person’s weight loss agenda. Some researchers did an experiment to test out the efficacy of this product. After a twelve-week research, those who used Apidexin had amazingly shed an average of 20.94 lbs.
There are many reviews, which you can try searching for on the internet if you want to read a number of Apidexin testimonials. Some of them can be found on Amazon.com or any other sites that sell the product. Some claim that they have lost a total of 30 lbs. of fat upon using Apidexin for around a year. There is also somebody who lost 20 lbs. and said that her appetite became more controlled after using the product.
Just like any diet pills, you can purchase Apidexin in drugstores or pharmacies. You can also order it online in online shops or go directly to the Apidexin website and you can get it with free shipping.
All in all, Apidexin deserves to be in the top spot and is something that a person should try if he or she is trying to lose weight.
I am Weera Ath, webmaster of FatDivX.com. I am in business as an affiliate marketeer and may recommend products on this website for which I may earn a commission. I hope this disclosure will demonstrate my intent to run a honest and reputable business. To visit the consumer education portal for more info click here.
FatDivX.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
I exploit my car for work and placed on quite a few miles rapidly. I drive on rough gravel roadways which can be tough on tires and these have held up properly for me. I also run into harmful driving due to weather conditions owing like ice and flooding.
For the major use, They may be a superb benefit for my money Primarily Using the guarantee. I get replacements if I get yourself a flat for virtually any reason, Unless of course it may be fixed. It's important for me to acquire Risk-free, Long lasting tires.
We offer a number of offers to assist maintain your car or truck wholesome and executing at its peak. No matter if you’re getting ready for just a highway trip, planning your automobile for the improve of year or are merely wanting to have quite a few products and services done — our car or truck upkeep packages may help you get monetary savings and time.
I had been humiliated when Other people could hear the sounds so my alternator needed to be checked so I asked the mechanic if he could attempt to figure out what that sounds was. Perfectly to see when Firestone place my new tires on they broke my sensor strap and rather than telling me they zipped tied it as well as the ties have been breaking and it absolutely was dragging so I had to acquire a new sensor After i was notified through the mechanic.
Wheel Alignment costs between £35-£forty ordinarily to get a Front Wheel Alignment as It's a swift and easy technique. It also can help save you purchasing more expensive repairs due to unaligned wheels including damaged suspension or worn tyres. Take a look underneath at the average quotation on WhoCanFixMyCar.com for some of the prime motor vehicle makes.
Front wheels usually tend to be knocked away from alignment thanks to an influence because they get the largest brunt of speedbumps and hitting curbs. four wheel alignment is often a services in which each wheel of an auto has its alignment checked. A mechanic will make use of a expert equipment to examine to discover if all of the wheels are pointing in the correct direction. If they're not, precisely the same device will manipulate the wheels to solve The problem. Among the obvious indications that this one your front wheels require aligning is that the steering wheel will be shaking. Even a slight vibration is usually a inform-tale signal and as soon as you really feel a modify during the steering wheel, it is best to choose your vehicle in for any Test. Front wheel alignment is often a uncomplicated company along with the work is not going to choose lengthy for just a mechanic to finish, however, the amount of time your automobile might be from action is totally dependent on how chaotic the mechanic is.
So never cross your fingers and watch for me to show up during the distant long term. If I’m near a city near you this Drop and all you have to do is e-book a resort place, or just take a brief flight, now's enough time. Much a lot better than before where you had to return all the way to Canada.
Anyhow. So, there is a tiny little bit of freewheel wobble which I've stumble upon on plenty of freewheel bikes so I hardly ever viewed as this a difficulty. Freewheels just have a tendency to get a minimal bent right? Despite this, shifting is just wonderful and easy and The entire travel program is simply fantastic General. However
Halt following Mary P. 3/21/2016 I went in this article based on a recommendation through the tire Section at Sam's Club. I believed my minivan required an alignment due to the way my tires were being putting on. I did not have an appointment, but experienced named in earlier to examine and find out if It will be OK to drop in. They took me right in and set my van up around the rack. Hooked up all their products and checked, then double checked. They came back again and explained to me that my alignment was just wonderful and that every little thing appeared excellent.
Marc January nine, 2012 at 4:13 pm Thanks to the great put up. This is often my Young ones 1st 12 months of derby. We can also be building the flying wedge. My concern is why is the bottom cutout with the bolts a sq. in one of the photographs, and within the pic previously mentioned, it's a scaled-down cutout towards the front of the car.
With very careful stringing, wonderful string, and thorough measurements, Each and every toe distance measurement should be exact to within a 64'th of the inch. Various measurements will likely lessen the uncertainty. When camber and toe is altered towards your liking, tighten down the locking nuts on each eccentric. It is a good idea to hold the bolt which has a wrench to forestall movement although the nut is getting tightened, Whilst soon after it will get relatively limited, the wrench about the bolt might be removed.
Uncheck the box labeled Never ever enable Internet sites to ask for your physical location if It is previously checked.
All four wheels and tires in your car really should be inside of a straight line to Increase the gasoline performance and forestall tire wastage. In the event the wheels are thoroughly aligned, you can certainly tackle and steer the car.
Hitting a pothole can cause harm to your tires, suspension program and in many cases your motor. Right here’s how to deal with these hazardous holes. Study the full article >
First thing first, allow me to say many many thanks for your response on the last post. I’m so excited that just sharing what I go through will speak to you guys. So many thanks for the emails and as requested, I’ll try as much as possible to share more.
Also I had feature on nation news digital platform, thanks to the lovely Wanjiru Kariuki, about the ever classic LBD. In case you guys missed it you can read read it here :-).
So back to today’s post, and I’m so feeling this look. I wasn’t particularly crazy about slip dress trend when it came out. Though I really love how bloggers were slaying the look including Wanjiku of eesome.
One thing that made me shy away from the look was the fact that material seemed to me like the light satin just like the actual sleep dress which I’m a bit reserved when it comes to outfits made from very light materials other than tops. Plus rocking a dress meant for the bed wasn’t particularly a thing I’d consider. But then again that’s just the thing about style, how you wear it really matters.
Slip dress – She in |Fur scarf – thrift| Shoes – Gifted | Clutch – Linda | Neckpiece –Mina gems| earrings and Rings – Masai Market.
This is sooooo goregous! I`m really loving how good you are evolving in your style Elle! And there is something about good photography that always gets me! Talking of Class babe! Ayeeeeeee 🙂
This has got to be one of my very favorite posts from you dear…… I need to point out how keen you are to detail and your passion and transition is showing with each passing day….. Love love loooooooooooove :* :*
I loove how you’ve styled this one! On the slip trend, I would pick yours top! The fur scarf adds some classy and sassiness to the whole look, amazing!!
Whoa I’m so in love with this look, babe! I’m so glad to have sparked a change of mind on this trend. You look to die for 😍😍
We obtain 'em all. Critically, we are going to Offer you money for your vehicle, although It really is junk or harmed. Consider us, fill out our speedy type and see just how much we'll spend....
No matter if your vehicle begins or not. Whether or not your vehicle has considerable destruction or no hurt in any respect... Whatever your auto's Bodily ailment, we will invest in your car, truck, SUV, or motorcycle! • Completely Accredited Tow Motorists
After your clunker has long been picked up and you have been compensated, you will receive a affirmation e-mail from us, this e-mail serves to be a junk receipt....
If you are in no hurry to eliminate your car rapidly, you might want to exam the drinking water for just a couple of months and place a "Available for sale" indication on your car. This, nonetheless, may get burdensome, considering that like you, the potential potential buyers could possibly be testing the drinking water.
When your clunker has been picked up and you have been paid, you can expect to get a confirmation e-mail from us, this electronic mail serves being a junk receipt....
Will you be planning to sell your automobile for money? We pay back more cash for automobiles within the Lakewood spot because we are regional for you.
Do you do have a harmed or junk auto in Lakewood you might be making an attempt to remove? Best! We wish to obtain your harmed or junk car or truck. Give us some fundamental information regarding your destroyed or junk vehicle, and we'll Provide you with a suggestion quickly.
Regardless of what your good reasons may be, you've eventually decided to sell your outdated vehicle. You need to go after what ever avenue that could create major bucks for you, speedily.
Do there is a harmed or junk auto in Lakewood you're making an attempt to remove? Great! We want to obtain your destroyed or junk car or truck. Give us some essential specifics of your weakened or junk auto, and we will Offer you an offer immediately.
Be prepared to get numerous telephone phone calls, a lot of which from persons searching close to. Put aside time to satisfy with anybody who expresses curiosity in click now your vehicle. When you have ball park determine for exactly how much you expect for getting for your car, this might make the method a tiny bit more rapidly. Nevertheless, potential customers might even see faults in your vehicle that you just perspective as minor imperfections, In fact you have already been driving this auto for some time and should also have a private attachment.
Your junk vehicle may have 1 of numerous paths in its around future. Determined by its affliction, It will likely be salvaged, offered to a wholesale consumer, or placed into an auction.
We function with why not check here numerous purchasers over the country to receive you the best offer you on your junk motor vehicle. We consider the situation, title standing, place, as well as other tidbits when valuing your automobile....
It’s all appear right down to this, can you even believe that all You will need to do to sell your automobile now is make a single uncomplicated simply call? Of course, there are various approaches to go about selling a employed vehicle i.e. Dealerships, nose to nose, craigslist .
If you plan on obtaining a more moderen auto, the amount of cash generated sort the sale of one's outdated car or truck will go in the direction of the new financial commitment and will have an affect on your conclusion and/or power to finance resource the new buy.
g., headlights, transform signals or bumpers) for his or her model of auto. Connect with all-around to nearby mechanics and junkyards to check out if your car has price for parts or as scrap.
In the course of their marriage June attempted to help keep Cash off of amphetamines, usually taking his drugs and flushing them down the rest room. Through the entire a number of rehab visits and many years of drug abuse, June's like and devotion under no circumstances wavered. Right after June's passing, Cash believed that his only reason for dwelling was his music.[39] Cash died four months later.[eight]
1 within the nation charts and No. 2 about the U.S. Best Ten pop charts. The AM versions of the latter contained profanities which had been edited out. The fashionable CD variations are unedited and thus also extended than the first vinyl albums, however they keep the viewers reaction overdubs of your originals.
In spite of your certain predicament, this doesn't influence our ability to cause you to the highest feasible cash present for your automobile, truck, or van. We spend top rated dollar for just about any vehicle and in almost any affliction.
Really don't let that eyesore sit on your home any more! Get cash for old cars and vans with US Junk Cars' car salvage and recycling system.
Preparation necessities. Does the junkyard prefer to dismantle the car or truck, or will it offer you more cash if you need to do it on your own? Should you remove tires and some other non-metal resources, or will the junkyard manage that, home page much too?
Soon after much more unsuccessful recordings had been introduced in 1984–85, Cash remaining Columbia (No less than as being a solo artist; he continued to history for Columbia on non-solo tasks till as late as 1990, recording a duets album with Waylon Jennings and two albums being a member of The Highwaymen.)
Whilst he was in some ways spiraling out of control, Cash's frenetic creativity was even now providing site here hits. His rendition of "Ring of Hearth" was a crossover strike, reaching No. 1 about the country charts and coming into the Top 20 around the pop charts. It had been initially performed by June's sister, however the signature mariachi-fashion horn arrangement was furnished by Cash,[43] who reported that it experienced come to him inside of a aspiration.
The product sales value of a junk car or truck is roughly based off of its latest market place value for that very same motor vehicle in employed affliction, that has a capture.
If this seems like you, use these normal pointers as recommendations, and even now be sure you Look at your state’s salvage auto regulations to understand title, registration, and license plate requirements.
We acquire FORKLIFT SALVAGE for cash cash in almost any situation. We can pay you cash cash on your metallic salvage and scrap it for you personally on internet site. We specializes in scraping and obtaining salvage metal and steel in Texas and Louisiana region. We're going to occur out and cut up your old salvage products or industrial surplus on web page and pay out you because of the ton to your metallic salvage or we can pay you before operate starts .
You could possibly take care of other questionable buyers in your area, but you recognize their gives will probably be junk. And do you really want to ask these strangers to your own home?
Will you be wanting to get rid of that old auto with your driveway? You might be in luck, as US Junk Cars provides motor vehicle removal and cash for junk cars, vans, vans and various clunkers in and across the West Palm Beach front, Florida region.
Full junked or salvaged vehicle paperwork. From time to time this is known as a Problems Disclosure Statement, which is incorporated on the back in the title. When it’s not, your DMV will deliver acceptable paperwork.
They edited the SBI race video so the jump is now at the beginning. Here's a close in crop of the start. Look how far over they jumped when that...
Ratickle replied to a thread SBI Reshuffles The Superboat Unlimited Deck With Penalties in On The Dock
For the six-man Speedonthewater.com crew, evaluating a half-dozen of today’s hottest sport catamarans was nothing but a privilege and a pleasure,...
How may we help you? Send a message using the form below. We will reply you as soon as possible. Thank you!
Opening access for researchers to selected Centres of Excellence on Carbon Capture and Storage research (CCS) from 5 countries across Europe
The fluid laboratory is well equipped to perform a large range of fluid studies under realistic conditions including HPHT conditions up to 1400 bars and 210 °C. All basic fluid properties may be measured in the laboratory including preparations and recombination of fluid samples. The laboratory is conducting research in fluid behaviour and fluid properties including miscibility studies. The work is mostly related to enhanced oil recovery (EOR) processes including CO2 injection for EOR as well as studies of CO2 behaviour and diffusion properties. The laboratory is also equipped for compositional analysis and various chemical analyses. The fluid laboratory is working in close connection with the core laboratory. The fluid laboratory is also working in close cooperation with other SINTEF PR laboratories within geochemical analysis and rock characterization and rock mechanics. In addition, SINTEF PR is collaborating with the laboratories of Institute of Petroleum, NTNU, such as fluid analysis and rheology.
The laboratory offers a wide range of services and special research experiments. Some of the more standard experiments and tests are listed below: Preparation and recombination of fluids
This project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 675206
A family firm trading for more than 20 years Catering Equipment was founded by Anthony and Sue Prestage. The original concept of the company was to fill that gap in the market where customers were finding cheap far east poor quality imports were not standing up to the rigors of modern commercial life, but they did require top quality European equipment but at a reasonable price. Value for money is still the mantra of Catering Equipment Ltd. Today their son Mark is Managing Director, Anthony is still actively involved driving the Sales and Marketing elements of the business. Catering Equipment Ltd are leading suppliers of equipment for the catering, transport, camping and retail industries. We also supply organisations such as the NHS, John Lewis, JD Wetherspoon, Tesco, Braggs and Whitbread to name but few.
As well as being a leading distributor of the Dometic range we also represent many of the best brands in catering, camping and transport boxes. We are agents/distributors for companies such as Kangabox, Dometic/Waeco, Parry Panasonic, Burco Commercial and Samsung Professional Equipment. We also manufacture our own range of products.
We have a large showroom at our Birmingham head office sited above our warehouse. Here you can see and handle our extensive range of product. If it's not on show we will happily fetch any product up from our warehouse for you to peruse.
We promise individuals, small businesses and major corporations that everyone of them will get the same high quality service we offer all of our customers.
o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o
On January 11, 2018, Emmis Communications Corporation (the “Company”) issued a press release discussing its results of operations and financial condition as of and for the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2017.
A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated in this item by reference. The information in Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such information be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
Note to this Form 8-K: Certain statements included in this report which are not statements of historical fact, including but not limited to those identified with the words “expect,” “will” or “look” are intended to be, and are, by this Note, identified as “forward-looking statements,” as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future result, performance or achievement expressed or implied by such forward-looking statement. Such factors include, among others:
•increased competition in our markets and the broadcasting industry, including our competitors changing the format of a station they operate
•inability to obtain (or to obtain timely) necessary approvals for purchase or sale transactions or to complete the transactions for other reasons
•new or changing regulations of the Federal Communications Commission or other governmental agencies;
•enforcement of rules and regulations of governmental and other entities to which the Company is subject;
•other factors mentioned in documents filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Based on public records. Inadvertent errors are possible. Getfilings.com does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of any information on this site. Use at your own risk. This website is not associated with the SEC.
Jevh Maravilla, 21, revealed Sunday that he and his friends pulled off an imaginative caper more than 50 days ago, in which they mocked up a fake McDonald's advertising image and hung it on a blank wall in a McDonald's in Pearland, TX.
"We were eating McDonald's one day and we looked around and saw there were posters around that didn't have any Asians", Maravilla told KHOU 11.
Two McDonald's customers in Texas pulled off a viral prank when they chose to turn themselves into protagonists of an ad and hang it inside the fast-food restaurant they often eat at.
Jevh Maravilla, who has Filipino heritage, made a decision to replace the faces of the models on the walls of the fast food chain with his own. "If you haven't noticed there isn't a lot of Asians represented in media and hopefully, some day, I can see someone like me on the big screen." . He dressed up as an employee, and with the help of friends, put up the poster while real staff were not looking. "It's now been 51 days since i hung it up".
If Kim succeeds in freeing Chris then this will be the second prisoner that she's helped to release. It's so unfair", Kardashian said, adding: "He's 30 years old.
The poster, which they conceptualized, made use of a photo they themselves took; they added a logo of the fast food chain to further make it look like one of the restaurant's authentic posters. His post showed photos of him and his friend, posing next to the poster featuring their faces.
A McDonald's franchisee released a statement on the prank Tuesday, saying, "We take pride in highlighting diversity in every aspect of our restaurants".
The Gourmet Passport app offers unbeatable value with Buy One Get One Free offers at the best restaurants across Delhi NCR and Mumbai. Simply download our app and buy one of the offer packs to start redeeming your coupons. Great savings await you!
What are their qualities Ladies seeking marriage lastly, what makes them so worthy of your love and attention? Their beauty is not the only factor that facilitates their choice.
Even in cases where it is necessary or important. However, they are not "mail order brides. We have Romance Tours conducted every year to help men looking for a charming foreign bride, meet the woman ladies seeking marriage their dreams. Russians have a great sense of humour, otherwise they won't be able to survive in this country.
How to Get the Most of It There are many psychosocial support centers for single moms, but not for single dads. Denis de Rougemont has argued that 'since its origins in the twelfth century, passionate love was constituted in opposition to marriage'.
Although your chances of success are higher with a paid membership, if you're very confident the women will find you attractive, feel free to apply for a free membership — you might be accepted. How Does It Work? Russians prefer very fine type of jokes, with indirect humour that westerners would describe as dry.
There are native inhabitants of Asian race in Russia Bashkir, Bouryat, Koreans and othersand this type of interracial marriage was not uncommon in the past and still takes place.
Everything as in reality! Thailand Matchmaking and Introduction services to lovely Thai girlsThai women, Thai ladies, Asian girls, ladies and single women.
Their brown skin, dark eyes, silky black hair, and charming petite stature are the physical attributes they should be proud of. Add it to an amazing tropical beach paradise experience and lifestyle, and surely you'll want to come back. Though they smile very little it the streets and in everyday life, it's not because they have no sense of humour, but because they do not usually smile without a reason.
Women in the Philippines are known everywhere to have a reputation of being affectionate, sweet, caring, respectful and have high values. TMA welcomes men of all races and nationalities, and has succeeded in finding matches for large numbers of them over the years. TMA's Japanese lady clients are gentle, kind, well-educated, clean, slim, modern, and sincerely seeking lifetime partners.
The differences are not significant. This reminds me of the times they taught us in Soviet Russia that western employees were mercilessly exploited by greedy capitalists. Different lists like all the members who logged in, who registered within the last 24 hours allow you to check it.
Our matchmaking services does not only match you to these enticing women but assures you of its authentic objective which is marriage and lifetime relationship.
The harmony obtained with this passion is conceived when the person is able both to freely engage in or to stop the hobby. All colombian girls are the most beautiful girls in the world. Russians do not find it funny when somebody falls or the like, and they consider many western comedies being silly.
Some things stay the same, some things change. Why are all these Beautiful Ukrainian and Russian women on the internet?
It's almost impossible for a woman over 40 to find a marriage partner in Russia. With our services, meeting Russian ladies becomes simple and pleasurable as never before.
If you meet somebody's sight, she will usually just look back but never smile, as in Russia it's not appropriate to smile to strangers. We are sure she will appreciate your attention.
Our Ukrainian Women The most beautiful Russian and Ukrainian women from Odessa and other cities in Ukraine are listed on this web site. They both can either be creative or destructive and this dark side can very well be dangerous to the self or others.
Now, for our field of activity. Intellect is one of their strong suits. We'll send them your profile and, if any are interested in you, they'll give signed authorization to release their contact information to you.Philippine women seeking marriage to American and foreign men.
Discover charming Philippine Brides through thousands of Philippine Women Profiles looking for love and marriage. These Philippine girls are serious about meeting a man for dating and much more. The entertainment site where fans come first.
Your daily source for all things TV, movies, and games, including Star Wars, Fallout, Marvel, DC and more.
There are thousands of women who have become mail order brides seeking for foreign men for marriage. cytopix.com provides the best mail order bride websites as well as proper guides on how you can get overseas brides for marriage. Dating profiles finder, has gathered thousands of women personals to facilitate your searches of a perfect mate.
Register on our website to get access to ladies profiles and start your online dating with beautiful Russian Ladies. Beautiful Single Latin Women seeking relationships leading to marriage with American men of all ages!
We have the world's largest database of beautiful single Latin women, and the most complete and up-to-date product line of Latin women. “LadyFromBelarus” is the international marriage cytopix.com mission is to help people from all over the world to find their second half We are situated in Belarus, a small country between Russia and cytopix.com old times Belarus has been famous for the beauty of its women.
We can help you resolve common problems and issues by walking you through a few questions. Begin by choosing a troubleshooter category.
This site is operated by Bathrooms @ Source Ltd. We are registered in England and Wales under company number 3859943
and with our registered office. 128 Garratt Lane, Wandsworth, SW18 4DJ. This is also our main trading address.
By continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookies policy. Find out more.
Our Beer Garden is now open every second and fourth Saturday from 12:00 p.m.-7:00 p.m. Listen to live music, eat delicious food, and tour the brewery. You can even bring your dog! We’re pet-friendly. FREE ADMISSION Only $12 for 3 pints with glass 252 Metting Rd....
We are a small family owned brewery with a passion for making fantastic craft beers. Our brewery is nestled on about 50 acres just north of town amongst the shade of South Texas oaks. Our water is brought up from 400 feet below sea level with an excellent...
Goliad Golden Ale is meant to be a refreshing reward to work or play. A light yet complex malt body giving a slight bready note is accentuated by a subtle citrus nose. A perfect beverage for trips to the coast, or a night in the city. This beer pairs well with lighter...
Our Goliad Golden Ale is an easy drinking American golden ale is a thirst quenching reward to work or play with mild citrus notes delicately balancing the malts of this clean, crisp, and refreshing beverage. Read more about our beers…...
Redfish IPA is a true to style American IPA. A strong malt body with a caramel flavor that brings balance to the four assertive hops used to produce this session drinkable IPA. A nose containing spicy, earthy grapefruit is achieved with five different hop additions....
Goliad Brewing is proud to announce that Presidio La Bahia Black Hefeweizen is the 2014 Drinker’s Choice Winner of the Battle of Texas Beers! We crafted this unique offering to honor Texas’ most historic fortress. It has the traditional flavors of banana and...
Presidio La Bahia Black Hefeweizen is a unique offering made to honor the historic fortress where Texas originally declared it independence. Made with all emphasis on what makes a Hefeweizen great, banana and spicy clove greet the nose. A smooth dark chocolate center...
Tour the Brewery We’re open every second and fourth Saturday of the month from 12 p.m.-7:00 p.m. So, come on by! 252 Metting Rd. Goliad, TX 77963 832-600-4031 Contact Us What to do in Goliad Goliad Paddling Trail Enjoy quiet pools and several small riffles on...
Stopped by Goliad Brewing when we were close. They updated their pint glass design! For $14 you get a pint glass to keep, and 3 tickets for beer. Now I have...
We have visited Goliad Brewing several times. The music is great, the beer is cold and the food trucks are yummy! Some days are busier than others. We have...
Goliad is by far my favorite brewery! I mean they do the tours and have a nice facility like many other brewers have, but these guys go one farther when...
Hukum Ziarah Ke Makam Nenek, Mengapa Di Indonesia Islam Terbagi Menjadi Beberapa Golongan ?, Apa Gunanya Selesai Sholat Ngomong Sama Pacar Lg, Pengalaman Sholat Tahajud Pada Saat Di Zalimi Suami, Contoh Ceramah Tentang Pacaran Sehat, Status Dosa Jariyah Di Fb, Apakah Jaman Nabi Ada Roko, Cara Menyadarkan Istri Yang Suka Selingkuh, Dalil Mengaku Keturunan Nabi, Ya Thaibah Larangan, Rahasia Cas Aki Crpat, Allah Berfirman Ulang Tahun, Abis Shotal Membaca Doa Apa Sblm Melakukan Zikir, Jumlah Rakaat Qobliyah Dan Ba'diyah, Amalan Orang Yg Telah Melakukan Zinah, Hamil, Bagaimana Minkahi Perempuan Yang Mempunyai Anak Hasil Xina, Merawat Yang Sedang Sakit Dapat Pahala, Tata Cara Dzikir Setelah Sholat Fardhu, Hukum Meluruskan Shaf Menurut Alquran Dan Hafist
Condenser support includes our new quick fit bracket, as well as our exiting condenser brackets, unit blocks to help raise the unit clear of the ground. We also manufacture durable condenser guards.
Designed to make installations easier, this professional range includes everything from channel clips, rod clips and surface mount clips, all designed to offer secure support to pipework on AC and refrigeration systems.
Copyright © Aspen Pumps Limited. All rights reserved.Privacy PolicyTerms & Conditions Modern Slavery Act Statement Modern Slavery Act Company Structure
Important: endeavoring to correctly alter your drivers by employing the System device manager could harm the new device, and also induce your machine to fail to function properly. Occasionally critical harm might be generated to the Computer system, and in others simply a insignificant interruption in the right performance of the latest driver, or sometimes several of the older products. If striving to set up the drivers correctly you should make certain that this latest formation wouldn't colide with original found drivers. trying the driver installer commercial program stands out as the best alternative for anybody who is not really 100% confident you know the procedure and the way to back up your Computer system if there is a crash or conflict.
One of the most difficult jobs in sustaining an upgraded driver database on your laptop or computer is trying to locate every individual driver on the internet. Your laptop can function accurately given that the hardware are efficiently showed by the ui, enabling you to deal with and manage every aspect according to your needs. When you arrange to go through manual setup of driver - hp deskjet 5740 usb printer, keep in mind that the windows device manager will not usually supply you with the most current information regarding the driver component model.
A great number of complications may result in out-of-date driver - hp deskjet 5740 usb printer (along with other driver), and the effected home pc is in risk of becoming slow or simply made useless. Under-going an operating system update is easily the most usual instance in which a driver scanner becomes very nearly vital, considering that it offers to up-date the complete archive of drivers making them available for the brand new windows release. Ever since the launching of microsoft windows 7 using a driver scanner to always keep your drivers updated, has grown to become conventional approach.
Quickly scanning for out of date drivers, and instantaneously grabbing and applying every single driver at its right destination are traits frequently shared by each of the commercial driver scanners available via the internet. Each individual driver, not merely driver - hp deskjet 5740 usb printer, is without question important so as to take advantage of your personal computer to its most effective ability.
Understand that the need for you to learn the specific label of every driver you are looking at grabbing is completely redundant and when you are considering employing an automatic scanner which does it all for you and requires absolutely no direction or formation on your part. When you make an effort to fix a certain crisis that derives from the bad driver - hp deskjet 5740 usb printer recognize that other drivers could possibly have become jeopardised by way of the damaged code, and consequently really need bringing up-to-date too.
red error poped up while installing due to the fact of the undetectable partitions in my system, that i was oblivious of - therefore manual mount quitted halfway. Can I complete manual install not knowing which partition is relevant? This driver - hp deskjet 5740 usb printer update sure has started to become a nuisance.
This situation in fact seems like my very own driver - hp deskjet 5740 usb printer struggles... anyway, i worked with lots of the driver web-sites, and then finally picked up 1 featuring driver - hp deskjet 5740 usb printer immediate download, then i installed it and it messed up my computer - i recieve the horrible (blue screen. Shortly after repairing it I just went for that scanner - really should have used it the first time around, instead of just looking to be sophisticated.
New XLSX document added from our updated database, including a list of specific driver categories, divided by manufacturer name and/or device. We now provide access to a multitude of drivers - easier than ever before.
Coming soon....Our new article section - find out all you need to know with these easy to understand and helpful articles...
If so, we would love for you to click the 'like' button above, so that more people can enjoy the plethora of device hardware and driver information available on this website.
Fully accessible PDF installation guide, and a zipped folder including all the information you need in order to update your required driver utilizing the Windows device manager utility.
Ladies and gents, I have officially moved into my new apartment downtown. After five patience-grinding days of struggling to get my internet set up, losing my desk lamp to some sticky-fingered movers who also broke my bed, I am once again, a city girl. I may not have hot water, a cooker, a fridge or furniture, but I do have an electric kettle, plenty of tea and this beautiful carpet— a housewarming gift from my family. Speaking of carpets, I've managed to win over my upstairs neighbour! How? By letting her wash her carpets on my balcony! She's actually a very lovely lady, and after being warmly welcomed with coffee and chocolate wafers by her daughter, I am positive this is going to be a wonderful experience.
The feeling of starting from zero is as thrilling as it is frustrating. As much as I am anxious to go out and buy a new bed, a wardrobe and sofa, I think I'll hold off until I get back from Nepal— which is, by the way, in an astonishing 29 days! I cannot believe it's almost been a year since I first set foot in Kathmandu. My goodness, how time flies...
I love a tradition that involves a hot beverage, imagination and a long chat. When you reach the end of your dainty cup of silty Turkish coffee, it's tradition to flip your cup upside-down on its saucer, and examine the patterns formed by the grounds for signs of love, adventure and money.
What kind of friend would I be if I neglected to take Lapin and Javier on a gastronomical tour of yumminess? There is no shortage of ways to feed your hunger in Istanbul— from lip-smacking, finger-licking street food to the delicate wonders of Çiya.
Our first stop on the tour was the infamous islak burger, or "wet burger." Yes, wet burger. Imagine a hamburger drowned in a vat of garlicky tomato sauce with a vague hint of cumin. This saucy beast is then stacked upon others who have suffered the same greasy fate, then heated by light bulbs in a foggy vitrine. It has taken me two years to taste one of these monstrosities, and ladies and gentlemen, I must report that the two lira islak burger is actually pretty damn tasty.
Next stop, perfection in a half loaf: balık ekmek. Mackerel, onions and lettuce thrust into bread that threatens to burst on your lap. Pour on the lemon juice and salt to get it just right, then end it all with a little tub of lokma— fried dough bathed in fragrant syrup. A great way to spend six lira.
So you've been getting lost in the maze of Istanbul— your feet are aching and your stomach is starting to make noises that are almost audible above the cacophony of honking horns. A man yelling something incomprehensible is pushing a little lopsided cart with what looks like an aquarium full of rice and chickpeas. Nohutlu pilav is simply rice and chickpeas. Sometimes you can add some chicken to it, but why bother? It's so good on its own. You might pay anywhere between one and two lira, depending on the mood of the guy pushing the cart.
Ah, the kumpir. A ten lira massive baked potato with its innards whipped up in butter and cheese, stuffed with toppings of your choice. I like mine piled high with a tomatoey bulghur mixture called kısır, black olives, pickled red cabbage and hot sauce.
As friends and fellow sketchers Lapin and Javier are in town, I've been spending my days in a fantastic frenzy of sketching and sight-seeing. One of our first stops was the Yeni Camii, or "New Mosque" which is as new as 1663, when its construction was completed. The Yeni Camii is that impressive, massive mosque in Eminönü, right next to the Spice Bazaar. This marvellous granite and marble structure is home to sixty-six domes and semi domes, two minarets and an enormous central dome with a ceiling of thirty-six meters in height. As you can imagine, it's not easy to draw.
Ladies and gentlemen, I've done it. I've finally finished my teaching certification course, and I've found myself a cosy and bright little apartment in the thunderous, beating heart of Istanbul. I've been running around like crazy, signing leases, changing locks and learning that apparently, a single foreign female moving into an apartment alone can be misinterpreted as something completely different than what it is, by older upstairs neighbour ladies. I was warned, with a furrowed brow and dagger-like eyes, that I'd better not be bringing home a different man every night. Often it seems that people here— and in other parts of the world, whole-heartedly equate single foreign female with promiscuity. Being a solo female yabancı in Turkey can be a real frustration sometimes, so can travelling alone. Assumptions are made, and people just can't wrap their heads around why a nice girl like me isn't married and popping out the çocuklar. At times like these, I admit I miss the States, where nobody cares who you are and what choices you've made or plan to make— but this is what it is to live in the world; you learn to adapt and to bend to cultures which are not your own, and in that flexibility, you find strength. You hope that perhaps, by just being yourself, you might be able to open some minds and hearts.
It's amazing what you can find on Google. Every four to six months I google my great-grandfather's name, John Tranum, to see what the world wide web might have on him. For you new readers, my great-grandad was a famous Danish stuntman, daredevil and pioneer of parachuting and BASE jumping during the twenties and early thirties. He was the real deal— a man who fearlessly followed his dream with a devilish grin and a gleam in his eye.
I came upon this Danish site of historical press photos and found what are probably the last photos of my great-grandad alive before his 10,000 metre— yes, 10,000 metre, record-breaking jump. Sadly, he never made it out of plane. On March 7th in 1935, at around 8,500 metres, his oxygen apparatus failed.
I was delighted to receive an email from fellow Urban Sketcher PeF, who was flying into Istanbul from Lisbon with three of his talented sketcherfriends: Pedro, Cláudia and Cate. The five of us spent a drizzly, warm evening behind the Aya Sofya, swapping sketchbooks over çay and chatting about art, the cities we love and just about anything that came to mind. We walked down to Eminönü to feast on fish sandwiches in the dark, and decided to see how much sketching we could accomplish on the Galata Bridge between rain bursts.
I managed to scrawl out this very messy sketch of a couple of the bridge's ever-present fishermen before the rain started to fall. We packed up up our books and pens and darted off to the funicular towards Tünel, in search of a café to carry on with our conversations and drawing.
I'm so grateful to Urban Sketchers for connecting me with such wonderful people— people full of life and warmth, people who I have this sketching addiction in common with. In a few weeks time, two Urban Sketchers who became dear friends of mine, Lapin and Javier, are coming to visit. I can't wait to go drawing with them— I deeply admire their skill, talent and commitment to their art. You may remember Lapin from my Barcelona adventure, whose generosity gave me a sofa to sleep on, delicious food in my belly (whipped up by his charming wife Lapinette), and six days of wonderful conversation and quiet sketching. I met Javier last March, when he came to Istanbul with 50 Spanish designers and artists to sketch and tour the city. Javier is one of those people with whom you find hours just melting away in conversation and laughter— a kind soul with mad talent.
If you haven't yet heard of Urban Sketchers, I highly suggest you visit our site when you've got a few hours you want to fill with stunning and inspiring artwork. We're a non-profit organisation of location sketchers with a mission to "show the world, one drawing at a time." Visit us at www.urbansketchers.org.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Kathmandu Countdown has officially begun. In a little less than two months, this girl will be sitting on a plane with a wide grin across her face as she spies the white peaks of the Himalaya outside her window. I am returning to Nepal, to spend the summer volunteering at Shree Mangal Dvip School for Himalayan Children again. The school, the stupa, the mountains and the monsoon have made a home for me, and my heart pounds at the thought of returning. I know that these two months will feel excruciatingly long, then suddenly disappear, and I'll find myself in Qatar with my hiking boots and sketchbook, waiting for my transfer to Kathmandu. A whole new adventure; slightly less uncertain than last year, but no less exciting. I have made friends and family beneath the eyes of Buddha.
If you feel like taking a little trip over a cup of tea or coffee, you can read all about my summer in Nepal here and here.
Harika is the Turkish word for wonderful, marvellous, extraordinary. It has always been one of my most favourite words, for both its meaning and the pleasure of pronouncing it.
Talcot Brewer, a philosophy professor at the University of Virginia, has published a long essay entitled "The Coup that Failed: How the Near-Sacking of a University President Exposed the Fault Lines in Higher Education." The president in question is Teresa Sullivan, who was removed and quickly re-installed by the governors of the University of Virginia, but the essay also reports on turmoil at a liberal arts college, Mary Baldwin College. But these are only case studies for an analysis of the bigger questions.
[Board members] Dragas and Kington explained their actions as being the result of “philosophical” differences with Sullivan, yet they declined to say which of the great questions of existence had divided them so irrevocably as to require her dismissal. Enterprising reporters from the student newspaper made use of the Freedom of Information Act to shed some light on this mysterious philosophical disagreement. It turned out that Dragas and Kington had come to believe that the rise of online learning would soon pose an existential threat to the university, and that it had to embrace the trend quickly or risk being left hopelessly behind. Sullivan had been reluctant to move in this direction with the boldness they thought necessary. She was threatened with imminent dismissal, and agreed under duress to step down.
At first blush, this does not sound like a philosophical disagreement. It sounds like an ordinary empirical disagreement about whether, and under what conditions, the university would be able to attract enough qualified undergraduates to sustain itself. One party to the conflict, President Sullivan, was less impressed than her adversaries by Harvard Business School professor Clayton Christensen’s widely discussed prediction that online instruction would prove to be a “disruptive innovation,” one that would pose a threat to the very existence of traditional suppliers—not by providing a better product but by providing an inferior substitute that was either vastly cheaper or more convenient. Christensen had insisted that traditional providers of higher education could survive this disruption only by “changing their DNA”—that is, fundamentally changing their mode of instruction, partly by using online instruction to lower costs and reach more students. Sullivan seems to have thought that this was alarmist and that no program of online instruction would soon convince parents to forgo the rite of passage into adulthood that we call “going to college.”
On the surface, then, the conflict between President Sullivan and the leaders of the Board of Visitors seems to have been a difference in market outlook, not a difference that could be termed philosophical, even in the loose and popular deployment of that term. Yet I believe there were important philosophical disagreements in the background. Discussions among members of the Board of Visitors touched not only on the importance of taking bold steps to deliver instruction via the Internet but also on the importance of taking bold steps to trim away departments with relatively few majors. German had been mentioned; so had classics. The guiding idea of the would-be reformers was that the university should be continuously reshaped to meet changes in student demand. Consumer sovereignty should be extended from the problem of determining which products should be displayed on the shelves of which stores, to the problem of determining the contents of the proper education of a young adult.
A rather long analysis follows, with a few distractions, but the heart of it is an analysis of the question, "Why study the humanities?" Brewer proposes three answers: They are actually useful, even if they don't seem to be; they support citizenship in free societies; and they are just good in and of themselves. I think Brewer doesn't treat answer #2 well enough; I continue to associate the study of the humanities directly with burning into the souls of students an appreciation for freedom of thought and action, and Brewer seems to have a rather limited view of what citizens of a democracy can really do with that freedom anyway. But it is a thoughtful analysis, well worth reading.
And relevant to ongoing conversations about educational disruption. When I read this passage in particular, I thought some more about the Faust-Summers dialog at Aspen.
In the concluding section of another of Plato’s dialogues, the Phaedrus, Socrates argues that the written word cannot itself capture and deliver what needs to be understood; at best, it can incite readers to turn toward the phenomena themselves and secure understanding through a more immediate apprehension of them. Further, the written word is not ideally suited to play even this indirect role, since its author is not there to respond to successive attempts, on the part of the reader, to attain a firsthand discernment of the phenomena that inspire it. What Platonic philosophy hopes to deliver to students is no more amenable to summary statement in a treatise or textbook than what Freudian psychotherapy hopes to deliver to patients. The quest for understanding is irreducibly idiosyncratic, because the sources of blindness and delusion are irreducibly idiosyncratic. If the reader cannot speak to the author, the possibility of useful communication is greatly reduced. If this is right, then the spoken word taken in itself—delivered, say, in the form of a lecture rather than in the course of a conversation—is no better a vehicle for philosophical enlightenment than the written word.
Philosophy, in short, lives in conversation. The student must be called on to speak, and to do so sincerely rather than strategically—e.g., with an eye to a grade. This is what puts the student himself or herself into play. If this does not happen, then philosophy does not happen. Thus, philosophy does not happen in the passive uptake of lectures—whether they are delivered in a large lecture hall or in a Massive Open Online Course (or MOOC, as such courses are quickly coming to be known). If university-style philosophy is in danger of being replaced by the “disruptive innovation” of online education, perhaps this is because university philosophy classes have assumed a deficient form, one suited to fields whose findings can be mastered in passive uptake.
The passage that came to mind is Larry Summers's argument for why the humanities, not just introductory college mathematics, are due for a Christensen-inpsired, MOOC disruption. The same forces that acted on Kodak have to act on higher education, Summers explains.
It is just not right that Hamlet is exposited 15 or 25,000 times in high schools and in colleges. And so just as 100 years ago every professor wrote out their own notes for their students and then we realized that some professors could write the best textbooks and those textbooks came to be used and the role of what a professor did who hadn't write a textbook was changed fundamentally, something of that kind has to happen in higher education.
The same conservatism that croaked incumbents like Kodak is happening in higher education today. Two of the signs he sees are "the discussions on every campus about not to elevate too many people as expositors different from ordinary faculty in their teaching," and the tendency of universities "to be very protective of existing areas of excellence." Both of these are jarring examples given Brewer's thoughts about dialog and his fears about UVa closing down low-demand departments. Summers also proposes a figure of merit on how much a university has realigned its priorities as the ratio of dollars spent on libraries to dollars spent on online education. I'll take a pass on commenting further on that.
I actually think in one way that Summers does not go far enough in pressing the analogy he posits. MOOCs are indeed more like textbooks than courses. Of course universities have historically not been in the textbook writing business, though they have been accessories; nor have the textbook writers been the most respected professors, as Summers seems to suggest was the lesson of that analogy.
But the real question here is what, in alumni talks I have been giving, I have been calling the "hydraulic model of education," the theory that what educators do is pour their accumulated knowledge, like a fluid, into the empty vessels of the brains of their students. Of course that is not true, as everyone who has thought about it, from Plato on down, has known, but which, as Brewer observes, is one of the key issues at stake in the current higher education wars. I quote Plutarch on this, in his essay on listening to lectures: "The ind is not a vessel to be filled but a flame to be kindled." Which is pretty much the point Brewer was making.
I suppose the reason I am trying to move from lecturing to active learning, rather than going in the other direction to MOOCs, is that I still hold to an ideal like Plutarch's, and fear those who assert with confidence that mass production is the way to go. We can become more efficient, and MOOCs can help in the same way better textbooks can help. But we won't wind up with anything nearly as good if we think that Hamlet just needs fewer, more skilled expositors for us to improve students' understanding of the human condition.
Bonus link: An interesting story about Ecole 42, which teaches software engineering and nothing else, basically by putting a bunch of bright people together on a desert island with an Internet connection and each other. The journalist suggests that Harvard should be worried; and so we should, if this product is what we think colleges are supposed to be optimized for producing.
If "philosophy, in short, lives in conversation," then there is not much philosophy in community colleges, because essentially no conversation about any academic interest transpires in such venues. There is more in state colleges (Cal State, eg) and yet more in state universities (University of California at Berkeley, eg).
It is perfectly arguable right now that all of the community colleges in California (at least) in the aggregate require perhaps a single calculus professor ... plus a larger set of teaching assistants to answer students' particular questions. An on-line substitute of that one professor's lectures may not be the best teaching, but it sure is cheaper than the alternative. And one could also argue that there is no need for any of the current brick and mortar now designated within any of California's community colleges for calculus instruction. The governor, legislature and state officials are aware of all that and considering what action to take given California's now-perpetual financial crisis. The Cal State and University of California situations are more nuanced, but profound changes are afoot there, too. Then there is the legislature's growing alienation from what they consider the esoteric research ventures of the University of California, coupled with the state's hi-tech businesses increasing confidence in their ability to employ foreign-trained talent at the expense of any need to pressure the state to generate and educate its own technologically trained workers. And there's plenty more.
"Disrupted?" That is a specialized term coined by HBS nabob Christensen, and much abused and extended by others (one of Lepore's better observations, although she is hardly the first to make it). Higher education is, metaphorically speaking, being disrupted the way a city is disrupted by an incendiary bombing raid. Whether that corresponds to the Christensen definition is another matter.
One obvious feature of American higher education is its fragmentation or lack of concentration. No institution of higher learning has more than a tiny fraction of anything that might be defined as a "market." There is also obvious segmentation by quality, or at least perceived quality, as represented by the community college/state college/state university example. Christensen's notion of "disruption" of an industry should play out very differently in such a fragmented market than it does in a more concentrated one, where the corrosive effects of the disruptor may be seen internally within the markets served by a single market participant. The disruption of the steel industry may be largely tracked by watching US Steel being disrupted as its lower end sales drop first. But a disruption of higher education can't look like that.
Brewer himself offers a bit of the "compared to what?" question, not about community colleges but about lecturing in universities.
It was Clay Christensen (and his coauthor Henry Eyring) who extended Christensen disruption theory to higher ed.
Yes, Christensen and his co-author applied his theory to universities. I didn't mean to suggest otherwise.
I meant only to point out that where a market is as highly fragmented along the lines of perceived quality as is higher education, one should not expect developments in any single institution to reflect the possible disruption (Christensen's definition) of the industry as a whole, where in the case of a highly concentrated industry that is more possible. For example, in evaluating whether Christensen is right about the American steel industry being disrupted by mini-mills one can watch US Steel serially lose its markets from the bottom up. But in the case of a highly fragmented industry such as higher education it is unlikely that one will find single institutions that reflect the overall disruption of the industry. Harvard, for example, exists within a narrow band of perceived quality. If higher education is being disrupted (again, in Christensen's sense) Harvard might exhibit no symptoms early on, while institutions further down the quality ladder completely fail. As the rising tide of disruption of the higher education industry reaches Harvard it's crisis may materialize all at once, everywhere, throughout the University. It will likely not be a question of one "low demand" department or another shrinking or closing down. When the hurricane hits Cambridge, it may hit all at once after a long period of calm.
Lepore's New Yorker hit piece on Christensen takes special care to lash him on his application of his theories to higher education. She tries to make it seem like one more example of other cases she discusses in which his theories have supposedly failed. But there is a big difference that she seems to deliberately (and, in my opinion, perhaps disingenuously) tries to obscure: There is no data from which to mount an argument to show Christensen's theories have failed with respect to higher education. It's too early. That is not true of, say, the steel industry, where there is lots of data and the tussle is over construing it. Lepore's attack with respect to higher education seems pre-emptive and parochial. Almost as if it may be the whole point of the article.
I wonder. You say there is no data to show Christensen's theories fail for higher ed. That suggests that his theories are falsifiable, in the Popperian sense. Are they? I noted in my other post on all this that Syre seemed surprised at the idea that anyone would think they should be used to make predictions -- he says they are useful only as explanations for what has already been observed. An unfalsifiable theory is an unreliable guide for action.
I didn't mean to suggest Christensen's theories as applied to higher education aren't falsifiable as Popper meant that. Lepore and Christensen's other critics (and they are many, although Lepore denies that they exist) certainly believe that his theories are falsifiable as applied to commercial ventures (and, indeed, often demonstrably false). Christensen disputes that the data in the commercial cases really does undermine his theories, but he has been open to accepting some major criticisms and has re formulated his theories over time. One of his big complaints about Lepore is that all of her serious criticisms in the commercial case are addressed in his own reformulations and subsequent editions of his books. He frankly admits that he got the causation wrong in some cases and had to be shown the right answer by an economist at Tufts, for example. Such, he argues, is the nature of research.
I just meant that Christensen's theories with respect to higher education haven't been around and applied enough for the relevant data to be produced yet. Certainly Lepore cited nothing in that area comparable to the data she adduced for the commercial cases.
All levels of education are notorious for their difficulties in formulating appropriate standards of "success." Unlike a commercial venture one cannot just look at a bottom line of profitability. But up to that limitation, I see no reason Christensen's theories would not be falsifiable with respect to higher ed, but it will take some time to collect the data. For example, I have heard President Hennessy of Stanford note that drop out rates are something to watch carefully in any institution seriously introducing MOOC-like technology, which obviously can be seen as depersonalizing. That will happen somewhere and then drop-out rates can be tracked. But of course there is no a priori reason why one must accept drop-out rates as the ultimate standard of success (and Hennessy doesn't say that it is). Hennessy did say that he considers MOOCs and flipped classrooms to be just examples of thousands of ways this technology might penetrate higher education. Even if MOOCs don't disrupt the industry, some other application might. Time will tell. But it will take time.
Interesting piece. One quibble: The question of "closing down low-demand departments" sounds bad, I know, but it's inseparable from "how to find resources to invest in key areas." If you want to do the latter, you might have to consider the former -- if not close down, maybe shrink a bit.
Actually that's an important point, and not a small quibble. It's partly true. Certainly departments with decreasing enrollments are shrinking everywhere, just as departments with rising enrollments are growing. (Whether institutions acknowledge doing this, as part of a rational and predictable plan, or just drag their feet about authorizing hires, is another question.) And some institutions (University of Phoenix, say) certainly can and should close down departments for which demand is so low that they are loss leaders. But research universities shouldn't do that lightly. For one thing, demand fluctuates in ways that are not easily predictable. 25 years ago Middle Eastern Studies was a niche area, with few enrollments. That changed dramatically after 9/11. Enrollments in Arabic courses zoomed, etc. And second, research universities have a role that other higher ed institutions don't have. They create and preserve learning, and that entails training scholars even in fields that are not sexy at the moment (either not yet, or not any more), and sustaining the scholarly collections that they require. Every now and then Harvard asks itself why it has a Celtic department, or whether historical linguistics are relevant. These questions often come from exactly the kinds of people Brewer is writing about. In fact there was a proposal at Harvard to shift resources from organismic to micro- biology and shut down the former department as just 19th century science. There is nothing wrong with talking about new and more efficient ways to organize ourselves administratively; fields do grow and evolve (we certainly are experiencing that in the applied sciences at Harvard). But as I noted in an earlier post, the entire discussion of disruption in higher education ignores the research role of universities. Their contributions are not just in teaching, and their teaching role is very much wrapped up with their roles in creating and preserving knowledge. Any discussion of efficiency and disruption that fails to mention that is shallow and likely to go off the rails.
Interesting post, as always. I think a missing piece in the discussion, though (in addition to the one about resource allocation), is the sky-high cost of university education. I agree that an educational model based around MOOCs will be worse than the one that we are used to. But the one that we are used to is increasingly unaffordable for many people. It does seem possible to me that at some point, we will have the cheaper and worse model of MOOCs, just as we now have phone trees, ATMs, flight kiosks, and so on.
Of course you are right, that is what makes this all so relevant, and why one can't talk about "higher education" as though it were a single thing. At Harvard and a handful of other shoals, nobody graduates with any debt (unless they have intentionally borrowed so they could avoid making money in the summer, etc., and even then the amounts are likely < $10K). The question of whether those who can afford to pay the high prices at Harvard will continue to think it is a good investment is on the table of course, but I don't think it's a major public policy issue in the way the student debt problem is.
And I don't doubt that there will be interesting experiments such as Ecole 42 and some of them will succeed. Maybe Minerva will too. My main observation on all this is that it gets us back to talking about what college is actually for. That conversation needs to happen in something other than economic terms.
But here is a puzzle about the economic argument. I can barely balance a checkbook so forgive me the following dumb analysis. This should be a subject for another day, but I am puzzled about the student debt crisis. There are certainly ways to get yourself in ridiculous amounts of debt going to college, and many people, like the poor woman in Ivory Tower, are in deep trouble. But the average student debt for a college graduate, according to the most recent figures I could find is $29,400, while the median starting salary of people with college degrees is $46,900, and the median starting salary of people with only a high school diploma is $30,000. So you "lose" four years of your life, but in less than two years, you earn back in increased salary an amount equal to your debt. If there is a problem, and I don't deny that there is, it sounds to me a lot more like a problem of personal financial management than a cost-of-college problem.
Sorry for the quick and dirty analysis. I know I am matching means and medians, some people are unemployed, the data aren't for the same year, and so on. And none of this is to suggest that institutions with very high prices and very little scholarship aid aren't going to collapse. They will. And there may well be more people who get smart and if they fail in their effort to shoot high, go to a lower priced school rather than to the unaffordable "best" school they get into. But again, that sounds to me more a problem of counseling and educating people to make sound decisions, than like the death of Eastman Kodak.
You may be interested to read an interview with Lawrence Bacow in Medium[dot]com, "Will EdEx Save GenX from Outrageous College Costs?" It doesn't actually address that question, but includes some informed commentary about the issues involved. More directly about what the financal-model representations of edEx are is an article in the Chronicle of Higher Education, "How edEx Plans to Earn, and Share, Revenue from Its Free Online Courses." The primary cash-flow is expected to come from not the massive online enrollments, but from licensing to other institutions! The whole project really seems to still be in the "dot-com" phase. Apparently (I have read elsewhere) it is expected that donors will cover the tens of millions which Harvard has pumped into edEx already.
Similarly as with the student budgeting and cost-calculation decisions which can make the difference between a long-term financially precarious situation and a more comfortably predictable working model of planning, institutions can suffer the consequences of hubris in presumptions about returns from investments and donor capacity/generosity versus grandiose capital and program expenditures. At Harvard, aside from the many hundreds of millions spent on various buildings and remaking of public spaces in recent years, there are still some billions more in payments having to be made for renovations, new construction, new-building operations expenses, and payments on borrowings, etc., which were required to extract the university from obligations incurred during the financial crisis. Endowment returns are not what they used to be, and statements from outgoing CEO Jane Mendillo indicate that is likely to be a continuing reality. As Harvard Magazine editor John Rosenberg wrote in the magazine's spring issue, much of what comes in during the capital campaign will in fact be required to cover the crisis-recovery costs. Tuition assistance is much more generous than in the past, and thus requires a greater revenue stream. A recent tax return showed that Harvard has committed $75 million to the new green data center in Holyoke. Administrative ranks have burgeoned. So decision-makers have set themselves up for a scenario wherein certainly it will be necessary for a lot of alums to establish very lucrative careers for themselves, during which their enthusiasm about their own experiences at Harvard and the prospects for the future will inspire them to donate hugely, spurred by a worldwide coaxing campaign. Anything "disruptive" which might improve this picture no doubt will be seized upon eagerly. That's the context in which thinking about academic and other priorities takes place.
I agree with much of what Tal Brewer has written, but any analysis of the U.Va. debacle of 2012 is far from complete if it does not address the powerful evidence that it was, at least in significant part, about politics, of the ugliest kind.
About six months after the incident, when people were still interested in knowing what had been at the bottom of the whole thing, I found something significant and published it in The Guardian. In a nutshell: just a few weeks before Sullivan's "resignation" was announced, administrators mysteriously (and, as in the BOV's firing of Sullivan, refusing to explain why) vetoed the imminent offer of an endowed chair in climate science to none other than Michael Mann. It was clearly a violation of the academic freedom of the Env. Science department. The donor of the chair, lo and behold, was the vice-rector of the BOV, Mark Kington. There's less than a snowball's chance in hell that Cuccinelli's two main adversaries could be banished from U.Va. at roughly the same time (one of them not even being an employee!) and under similar conditions, yet the incidents unrelated.
I can hardly blame Brewer, or anyone for that matter, for not being aware of this because it has been so vigorously suppressed. People who know the article may think the reason they didn't see the evidence I reported surface in other newspapers was that someone debunked what I wrote. Far from it. To this day, I've heard no remotely sensible argument against the plausibility of my hypothesis, yet the press, from the U.Va. student paper to the Washington Post, has adamantly refused to even let their readers know the article exists, let alone discuss the absolutely verifiable facts in it about the context of the U.Va. scandal that have hardly been reported anywhere else and that many people at U.Va. don't even know.
There would be no need for the press's (and other organizations' such as the AAUP and SACS, U.Va.'s accrediting agency) desperate avoidance of this if I hadn't gotten things more or less right, and if the facts about Mann's candidacy for the Kington Chair weren't so powerful in and of themselves.
It's chilling to see how effectively some powerful person or group has been at suppressing this information. Truly the coverup is as bad as the original "crime" -- we're talking about some of the country's leading newspapers very likely committing deliberate journalistic malpractice, as if they can just pick and choose the facts they take into account, and complain about "insufficiency of evidence" for a plausible hypothesis without lifting a finger to look for more. (Oh the e-mails I could show you from the Wash. Post's reporters!)
It boggles the mind that the connection to the global-warming deniers, and particularly Ken Cuccinelli (who came pretty close to being elected governor of Va. last year, in spite of his possible involvement in this!) were not enough to act on the consciences of journalists and of people at U.Va. who are well aware of this but are for some reason committed to pretending they aren't (I"m looking at you, Faculty Senate).
Sorry for the rant. I know it gets a little far afield from the legitimate philosophical and other issues that Brewer has raised. But it needs to be said, and it needs to be repeated until the press is forced to break its apparent vow of silence on it. If any of you are truly interested in this, have any questions or doubts that I can address, and/or would like to help raise greater awareness of it, whatever. . . I urge you to get in touch.
The Books 旧约书卷—The Poetry Books 诗歌文体的书卷 C. The Poetry Books 诗歌文体的书卷 Almost one-third of the Old Testament was originally written in poetry. These books concentrate on questions about pain, God, life and love. Hebrew poetry rewords each line in a verse to repeat the thoughts. This helps explain what the Holy
Join millions of eBook readers around the world enjoying one book! The Big Library Read is sort of like the digital version of a library book club, in that everyone is encouraged to read the same book. This month’s Big Library Read is This is Where it Ends by Marieje Nijkamp.
Over the course of 54 harrowing minutes, the students at Opportunity High struggle to survive—and to understand why one boy started shooting…
This explosive, emotional, page-turning debut about a high school held hostage is told from the perspective of four teens—each with their own reason to fear the boy with the gun.
This eBook will be available for unlimited simultaneous downloads from October 13 to 27, which means no holds and no waitlist; just download and enjoy! All you will need is an active library card to start downloading, so visit the Mid Hudson Library System’s Digital Downloads site for instructions on how to get started on October 13.
This entry was posted in News, Services and tagged big library read, Book club, books, digital downloads, eBooks, hudson area library, Mid-Hudson Library System, overdrive, reading by Paul. Bookmark the permalink.
Located on a nine acre site overlooking the Pacific Ocean in the island hills, this stable was designed to be mindful of the local climate and existing main residence. Built of rough faced concrete masonry blocks to mimic stucco finished stone with a heavy timber framed roof, the deep overhangs and breezeways provide cooled natural ventilation and protection from the sun and rain. The stable has four horse stalls with runs; two foaling stalls with runs; tack room with comfortable lounge; bathroom, and laundry; wash and groom stall; feed and bedding room; equipment storage; breezeway aisles; and second story sitting area connected by a staircase. Construction is expected to begin next year.
Find a new job. Eat healthier. Get fit. Tired of making — and not keeping — the same old New Year's resolutions? Here's one to consider that will only take minutes of your time, helps protect others and you can see to the finish: Donate blood.
Blood is traditionally in short supply during the winter months, making our nation's blood supply dangerously low. To encourage donors to give or make a pledge to give blood this month, our nation's blood centers — AABB, America's Blood Centers and the American Red Cross — are celebrating National Blood Donor Month 2009.
If you are at least 17 years of age — some states permit younger people to donate with parental consent — weigh at least 110 pounds and meet other donor requirements, you may be eligible to donate blood. Check with your local blood bank to find out the specific requirements in your area.
If you want to promote blood donation in your office or through your organization, AABB — formerly known as the American Association of Blood Banks — has National Blood Donor Month materials such as a fliers, posters, logos, fact sheets and newsletter templates available.
Celebrate National Blood Donor Month and the start of 2009 by donating blood and encouraging others to do the same. Make sure our blood banks are well supplied so they can help our families and loved ones in times of emergency. This is one New Year's resolution you can keep.
It's pop quiz time again here at Get Ready headquarters, so take out those earbuds and listen up. Today's topic? U.S. teens.
Q: Which of these topics are of importance to today's high school students? a) a driver's license b) more sleep c) cell phones d) college applications e) preparedness.
The answer? All of the above. While answer "e," preparedness, may not seem like an obvious choice, it's as important for high schoolers to be as prepared for emergencies as everyone else. After all, during a disaster, everyone is at risk, regardless of age, SAT score or number of MySpace friends. And with about 17 million U.S. high school students, APHA's Get Ready campaign knows they are a serious force for change.
What can high schoolers do to support preparedness? Lots, actually: Host a preparedness video contest, hold a school food drive or set out a table with information at your local library or grocery store. Need some more ideas? Check out Get Set: An Emergency Preparedness Project Kit, an action kit for high school students that was released by the Get Ready campaign in October. More high school students than ever are taking on volunteer and community projects, and preparedness makes a great focus.
High school students can also help get engaged by spending some time writing about preparedness, whether on a blog, through the school newspaper or a letter to the editor. And thanks to our Get Ready campaign, writing about preparedness can pay off in a big way: The high school senior who sends us the best original essay on preparedness by April 6 can win a $500 Get Ready Scholarship to help with college costs. Get the full skivvy on the scholarship on our Web site, and pick up some preparedness tips while you are there.
We've thrown out the challenge, high school students, and know you are more than qualified to take it up. So now's the time to show us what you can do.
Know a high school student? Forward them this message, link to this blog entry or share our news release.
Haven't we all done it? Felt sick, typed in our symptoms and searched online, attempting to diagnose ourselves before seeing the doctor?
As you might expect, more people search on flu-like symptoms and treatments during flu season than during the rest of the year. In fact, the wizards over at Google found a correlation between how many people search for flu-related topics and how many people actually have flu symptoms. They then developed a Web tool that uses information from searches to estimate how many people have a flu-like illness. At Google Flu Trends, you can find the latest estimates on flu activity across the country.
Why would Google offer a flu tracking site when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention already surveys doctors and patients to track the flu? It turns out that traditional flu monitoring systems take up to two weeks to collect and release information to the public. On the other hand, Google search queries (though not as scientific) can be automatically counted very quickly. During the last flu season, Google was able to estimate flu levels up to two weeks faster than CDC. Daily flu estimates can provide an early-warning system for flu outbreaks and help us take the necessary steps to protect ourselves.
Right now, the tool only monitors the flu in the United States, but Google hopes to eventually use it to help track flu and other diseases all over the world. So if you don't feel well, go right ahead and search the Web for your symptoms. Your query may just motivate someone else to protect themselves against the flu.
Welcome to another installment of the Get Ready Mailbag, when we take time to answer questions sent our way by readers like you. Have a question you want answered? Send an e-mail to pandemicflu@apha.org.
Q. Since this summer, my family and I have been learning more about ways to be prepared. We even created an emergency kit and an evacuation plan. Is there anything specific we should be doing to be prepared for winter?
A. It's wonderful to hear that your family is taking steps to be prepared! The more you do now, the better prepared you will be to cope with the unexpected if an emergency situation were to arise. An emergency kit and an evacuation plan are two important items that each family should have.
Regarding getting prepared for winter, the first thing you and your family should do is get a flu shot. This will help reduce your chances of getting the flu. It's also a good idea to talk to your family and make sure everyone knows to take simple steps to stay healthy: wash your hands with soap often, cover your mouth and nose when you sneeze and cough, and avoid close contact with people who are sick from a respiratory illness.
Now is also a good time to check your emergency kit and ensure you're prepared for winter-specific needs. Make sure you have winter clothes and blankets in case you need to evacuate during cold weather, as well as batteries, flashlights and a radio in case you lose power during a winter storm.
Today's guest blog entry is by Carol J. Baker, MD, FAAP, FIDSA, moderator for the Childhood Influenza Immunization Coalition; professor of pediatrics, molecular virology and microbiology at Baylor College of Medicine; and immediate past president of the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases.
Many Americans who receive annual influenza immunization do so at some point during October and November, with immunizations dropping off significantly around Thanksgiving. Many parents and health care professionals alike don't realize that it is beneficial to immunize against influenza in December, and even well into the New Year.
This is why the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Families Fighting Flu declared Dec. 9 the second annual Children's Flu Vaccination Day. The day is part of the CDC's National Influenza Vaccination Week, and was established to remind parents about the need to immunize all children (6 months through 18 years of age) and their contacts against influenza.
Parents may not realize that many doctors' offices still have influenza vaccine available in the winter months. Influenza outbreaks typically peak in February and continue until around May. Since the influenza vaccine takes only about two weeks to provide protection, we still have time to protect our families against this serious and potentially deadly disease.
The National Foundation for Infectious Diseases' Childhood Influenza Immunization Coalition, of which the American Public Health Association is a member, applauds CDC and Families Fighting Flu for establishing this day. The coalition has a variety of educational materials about influenza and vaccination available at www.PreventChildhoodInfluenza.org, including a short informational video. Spanish information is available at www.PrevengaLaGripeInfantil.org.
Fever, aches and chills. Yuck! Flu season is upon us, and for many who come down with these symptoms, a few days in bed and plenty of fluid may be just what the doctor orders. But if you’re one of the more than 22 million Americans with asthma, the flu can lead to conditions that are much worse.
When you have asthma, your airways are already somewhat inflamed. They overreact to irritants and allergens, including viruses. Rather than fighting the virus, your lungs may secrete substances that promote inflammation. Making matters worse, viruses can replicate themselves more extensively in lungs affected by asthma than in healthy lungs.
Therefore, many health experts recommend that people with asthma get an annual flu shot. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, people with asthma are at high risk of developing complications after contracting the flu virus, yet most adults with asthma don’t get their annual flu shot.
So if you have asthma, take steps to protect yourself from flu: Avoid people who are sick. Wash your hands regularly. And if you haven’t gotten your flu shot, get one today.
Citizens of Metropolis face an uncertain threat. They are not prepared for an emergency. Potential disaster looms. Who do community leaders call? The Avengers? Justice League of America? The Fantastic Four?
No, they contact their Community Emergency Response Team. Response teams don’t possess superpowers, but they do rely on heroes in our communities — people like you and me — who are dedicated to preparing for an emergency.
In towns around the country, teams organize and train volunteers to safely help themselves and others in case of an emergency. Teams don't seek to replace emergency service providers, but they do help prepare average residents to take care of themselves and others if responders cannot immediately assist them.
Trainees in Community Emergency Response Team programs learn the basics of utility management, fire safety, search and rescue, incident planning and organization, and disaster medical operations so they can safely assist themselves and others. Teams also support their local emergency response providers by participating in preparedness drills and other community events that require extra help.
Response team members come from all walks of life — young, old, working, in school, stay-at-home or retired, it doesn't matter. If you want to be better prepared or help your community, you can join! Some members already have emergency response or public health experience, but many are just ordinary residents looking to better prepare themselves, their neighborhoods and their workplaces for minor and major emergencies.
Ready to help? Check out the Community Emergency Response Team Web site to locate a group in your area. Find out how you can join a team of heroes and help protect your community (superhero capes and tights not required).
Pregnancy can be an exciting time: Baby names, baby showers and, oh, those cute little baby clothes. It's also a key time to focus on health, both for mom and her newborn-to-be.
Expectant moms know that it is important to eat nutritious food and get preventive health checkups while pregnant. But it's also important to get your flu shot. The American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology recommends that flu shots — which are "both safe and effective for pregnant women" — be a routine part of prenatal care.
And flu shots are also good for babies whose moms are vaccinated while pregnant, according to a recent study published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Babies born to moms who were vaccinated while pregnant had 63 percent fewer cases of flu, the study found. Also a plus, respiratory illnesses among both moms and newborns decreased by 36 percent, meaning the flu shot protected them both. The finding is especially notable, the researchers said, because flu shots aren't licensed for infants under 6 months of age, who have the highest rates of hospitalization from influenza among U.S. children.
Unfortunately, while health professionals have been recommending the flu shot for pregnant women in the United States since 1997, fewer than 15 percent of pregnant women are vaccinated each year — meaning lots of moms and babies are missing out. So if you are pregnant, talk to your health care provider about getting a flu shot. And if you run into any other moms-to-be while you are out shopping for those baby buggies, bibs and so-adorable little shoes, spread the word about getting a flu shot. It will be worth it for both mom and baby when they are healthy and flu-free.
When the ground shakes, rattles and rolls — drop, cover and hold on. That’s the guidance from the organizers of next week’s Great Southern California ShakeOut, designed to help residents prepare for a big earthquake.
A major earthquake is an inevitable part of Southern California's future, earthquake experts say, though no one knows when the big one will hit. With 22 million people living and working in the region, such a natural disaster could result in catastrophe.
To help people prepare, millions of Southern Californians are expected to participate Nov. 13 in the largest earthquake drill in U.S. history. The drill centers on the ShakeOut Earthquake Scenario, which outlines a hypothetical 7.8 magnitude earthquake — similar to the 2008 one in China — and could devastate the region.
The key to minimizing damage from a massive earthquake is for people to be prepared. In addition to creating disaster plans and supply kits, Southern Californians are being asked to "drop, cover and hold on" during the drill. According to event organizers, the best thing to do during an earthquake is to drop to the ground, take cover under a sturdy desk or table and hold on until the shaking stops.
These are general guidelines, of course If you're in bed, driving or in other situations, you'll need to take other actions, the details of which are outlined on the Great Southern California ShakeOut Web site.
If you live in Southern California, pledge to take part in the drill this Thursday and register now online. You'll receive information on how to plan your drill, connect with other participants and talk with others about earthquake preparedness. There's also lots of earthquake preparedness information on the Great Southern California ShakeOut Web site. So if you live in a earthquake-risk area, here's your chance to get ready. Let's shake on it.
Any idea on what day — and in which place — 126 million Americans are planning to show up right near the beginning of flu season? Hint: It's been in the news a lot lately.
That's right. On Nov. 4, millions of Americans will be heading to their neighborhood polling places — which is exactly where some of us will be able to receive our seasonal flu shots.
Through Vote & Vax, a joint initiative of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the nonprofit Sickness Prevention Achieved through Regional Collaboration, you could have the chance to receive your flu shot at your neighborhood polling place on Election Day 2008.
With the help of major health partners, including the American Public Health Association, planners hope that there will be more than 1,000 Vote & Vax clinics across the nation at the polls. With flu season now under way, the clinics are being held just in time. Each year, about 36,000 people die and more than 200,000 people are hospitalized because of seasonal flu.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is calling on health officials to find new ways for getting vaccines into the arms of at-risk Americans, and this is a great strategy for doing just that. Of course Vote & Vax is not just for voters — it's for anyone who can benefit from a flu shot.
So if you haven't received your flu shot yet, Election Day is your chance. Check the Vote & Vax Web site to see if a clinic is scheduled in your area.
Q. In the movies, people are always quarantined where there is an outbreak of a contagious disease. If there is a flu pandemic or disease outbreak, will communities be quarantined?
A. A modern-day quarantine would likely look very different than the Hollywood images of scientists in spacesuits and the military forcibly keeping people in their communities. If pandemic flu strikes, public health officials have a more realistic plan in mind.
Let's start with some definitions: "Quarantine" is when people who are not sick but have likely been exposed to a virus are separated from others. These people may be urged to not leave their homes or towns. A related term is "isolation." This is when a person who is already sick is separated from other people to reduce the chances that she or he will get others sick.
Because pandemic flu spreads quickly and you can catch it from others who are sick but don’t show any symptoms yet, quarantine and isolation will probably only play a small role in how communities respond to a disease outbreak. Also, scientists expect restrictive measures to be voluntary, like when a parent is asked to keep a child with chickenpox home from school.
During a flu pandemic, people will be encouraged to stay home from work or school to reduce their chances of getting sick. Schools will be closed and community events cancelled. Sick people will be separated from those who are not — both in health facilities and at home.
Check out this site to learn what items you should include in your preparedness kit in case you ever need to stay home from work or school because of a flu pandemic or anything else that comes your way.
APHA's Get Ready: Set Your Clocks, Check Your Stocks campaign is calling on people to refresh their emergency supplies long before a disaster happens — and to use the upcoming clock change as a handy-dandy reminder. When it's time to change your clocks back on Nov. 2, remember to check your preparedness kit to make sure your emergency stockpile isn't missing any items and that the food hasn't expired.
Haven't created a stockpile yet? Now is the perfect time! Every American should have at least a three-day supply of food and water in case of an emergency, including one gallon of water per person per day, according to preparedness advocates. Other supplies that should be on hand include a first aid kit, medicines, a can opener, flashlight, battery-operated radio and batteries.
To help people create and update their emergency stockpiles, the Get Ready: Set Your Clocks, Check Your Stocks campaign offers free materials on its Web page, online at www.getreadyforflu.org/clocksstocks. Materials include a list of what should be in an emergency stockpile, information on rotating stored food and water and games for kids. For the first time, bilingual materials are available as well, with both a stockpiling information fact sheet and a supply checklist in Spanish.
Check out our materials, then scoot over to your closet or under the bed and look over your supplies. Chances are they are in need of updating. Checking your supplies twice a year with the clock change is a great way to make sure that your emergency supplies are there when you and your family need them. And thanks to APHA, you won't forget.
Today's guest blog entry is by Trent Wakenight, MA, public relations consortium coordinator for the Global Nexus of Animal and Public Health Project at Michigan State University.
Climate change continues to change the way we live, this time being linked to human health and the spread of hantavirus, a disease linked to mice and other rodents.
Cases of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome, an illness caused by hantaviruses, have increased in humans in typically cold places such as Russia and Eastern Europe. A probable cause is rodents infected with hantaviruses that are better able to survive milder winter conditions. By some estimates, one in three rodents carries the viruses.
There are five types of hantavirus, and it can be contracted through human contact with infected rodents or their urine and droppings. Infection occurs when humans inhale particles of dried materials or urine. Early symptoms include fever, chills, muscle pain and coughing. The infection can be fatal.
In 2007, cases of hantavirus infections in Russia topped 3,000 by mid-spring, following a mild winter. The increase was attributed to a rodent population that was 10 times higher than in previous years.
The virus has also been found in 10 states in the United States since its identification in 1993. An outbreak in Southwestern states that year affected 48 people with a mortality rate of 80 percent.
Wet, mild winters are thought to contribute to the disease spread, turning environmental issues into public health threats. Rodents are better able to survive, natural food supplies are more abundant and consequently the population is growing.
Humans at greatest risk are those involved in agricultural production, grain or feedlot operations, field biology or other places where rodent contact is likely. One study also found that 70 percent of those infected were exposed while cleaning homes or buildings where rodents had been living. Controlling for rodents in and around the home is the best strategy for preventing infection.
From a school carnival to a city hall news conference, the second annual observance of Get Ready Day was a popular event last month.
Sponsored by APHA, Get Ready Day encourages all Americans to prepare themselves, their families and their communities for all public health threats, including disasters and pandemic flu. This year's Get Ready Day fell on Sept. 16, and health departments nationwide took advantage of the opportunity to promote preparedness to their residents.
Among the highlights, APHA organized a "fun fest" at a Washington, D.C., school, with preparedness games for kids and health information for parents. While the carnival offered fun activities such as bingo, bowling and face painting, it also provided a central message: Everyone needs to be prepared for a public health disaster, no matter what their age.
In eastern Kansas, health workers at the Johnson County Health Department used Get Ready Day to promote preparedness to residents by hosting displays and information tables at two of its county administrative buildings. In Burlington, Vt., health officials held a news conference at City Hall on Get Ready Day to call on residents to take the lead in preparing for emergencies such as pandemic flu. Burlington is one of nine municipalities serving as a pandemic influenza preparedness community as part of the national Take the Lead: Working Together to Prepare Now campaign.
Get Ready Day participants were encouraged to use free materials from APHA's Get Ready campaign as part of their events. Get Ready Day is observed each year on the third Tuesday of September, which is also National Preparedness Month.
How did you celebrate Get Ready Day? Let us know in our blog's comments section. And make sure and mark your calendar for next year's observance on Sept. 15, 2009.
False. All of the above are caused by viruses, and antibiotics do not help fight viruses. In fact, taking antibiotics when you have a virus may do more harm than good.
How? Antibiotics kill bacteria, not viruses. Taking antibiotics when you don't need them or not as prescribed (which means taking all of your medicine even if you feel better) increases your risk of getting an infection later that resists antibiotic treatment. Yet, each year, health care providers in the United States prescribe tens of millions of antibiotics for viral infections.
To bring attention to this growing problem, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and partners like the American Public Health Association will be observing Get Smart About Antibiotics Week Oct. 6-10. The campaign will help educate the public about antibiotic resistance and the importance of appropriate antibiotic use.
As we enter cold and flu season, it's important to remember not to insist on antibiotics for treatment when seeing your doctor. If you have a cold or the flu, antibiotics won’t work. Rest and drink plenty of fluids.
And also remember the adage "an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure." Try to avoid getting sick in the first place by washing your hands regularly, avoiding people who are sick and getting your flu shot.
Hack, hack, wheeze...achoo? If you or someone you care about is a smoker, you may have noticed that flu season can be particularly trying on your health. But ever wonder why?
Researchers have long observed that smokers suffer much more from the flu and colds than nonsmokers. Symptoms that are mild in nonsmokers can make smokers very sick and even kill them. As if that wasn't scary enough, kids who breathe secondhand smoke also can become sicker when they have viral infections.
But until recently scientists didn't know why smokers have more exaggerated responses to viral infections. The most common idea was that smoking decreases a body’s ability to fight off the virus. However, it turns out the opposite might be true.
A recent study found that smokers don't get in trouble because they can't fight off the virus; they get in trouble because they overreact to it. Researchers from Yale University found that the immune systems of mice exposed to cigarette smoke (as little as two cigarettes a day for two weeks) overreacted when they were also exposed to a mimic of the flu virus. The immune systems of Mickey and his friends cleared the virus normally, but the overblown inflammation caused tissue damage, accelerated emphysema and airway scarring.
More research needs to be done to see if the same reaction is at work in humans. But until then, it's important to remember that we do know that smoking makes the symptoms of colds and flu worse. Along with all the other ways that smoking makes us sick, this is one more reason to squash that cigarette.
History reminds us that there are plenty of good reasons to prepare: smallpox, plague, yellow fever to name a few. The list is long and with new threats emerging, it continues to grow. But the past also reveals how people have identified those harmful things and prepared for and protected themselves against health threats.
Consider the ancient Greeks and Romans who recognized the need for improved sanitation and developed elaborate waterways and drains to safeguard their water supplies. Or the Council of Lyons that in 583 A.D. isolated disease-carrying lepers to keep the rest of the community healthy. Or, more recently, vaccine pioneers like Jonas Salk whose discovery protected generations from polio. All of these illustrate achievements we've made in identifying and getting ready for health threats.
And what about those "old" diseases like smallpox, leprosy, the plague and yellow fever? Well, the last natural case of someone getting smallpox was in Somalia in 1977. And as for the others, while not entirely gone from the planet, they no longer pose a threat like in the old days thanks to advances in vaccines and other disease control steps. Yellow fever can still rear its head in certain tropical regions of Africa and South America, but the last yellow fever epidemic in the United States took place in New Orleans in 1905. The last U.S. plague epidemic occurred in Los Angeles in 1924-25. Since then, only about 10 to 15 people get the plague each year in the United States. Leprosy may conjure up images from the movie Ben-Hur, but the disease is on its way out. In Angola, Brazil, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, India, Madagascar, Mozambique, Nepal and Tanzania, where epidemics can still happen, the governments are committed to eliminating the disease .
As you can see, we've made lots of progress through the ages, but there's still a long way to go. New threats pop into the picture such as bioterrorism, bird flu, SARS and others. So let's let history be our guide: It’s a good idea to be prepared.
Today is Get Ready Day, APHA's observance aimed at helping Americans prepare themselves, their families and their communities for all hazards or disasters. Get Ready Day is held in conjunction with National Preparedness Month. Today's guest blog entry is by William F. Raub, PhD, science advisor to the U.S. secretary of health and human services.
No person is an island, as a modern-day John Donne might put it. Our everyday routines find us dependent to varying degrees not only upon family, neighbors and friends but also upon a complex web of services and supply chains that provide the electric power, water, food stuffs and other things that we have come to regard as necessities. These services and supplies are ubiquitous and so generally reliable that we regularly take them for granted. They enable lifestyles that Donne and his contemporaries scarcely could have imagined.
But in the aftermath of a disaster, we may become islands, for the web of services and supplies is far from immutable. A disaster can rend the web quickly and severely and leave it functionally compromised for hours, days and even weeks at a time. This, in turn, can leave us isolated from the supporting infrastructure to which we are accustomed. And, when this happens, how well we fare depends in large measure upon how well we have prepared to fend for ourselves.
Excellent guidance for personal preparedness is readily available. The Department of Homeland Security, through its Ready.gov Web site, provides a wealth of suggestions that are applicable to many types of disasters. The Department of Health and Human Services, through its Pandemicflu.gov Web site, complements this with detailed advice as to what individuals and families can do to maintain some semblance of normality during a four-, six-week or longer period when a severe influenza is ravaging their community. In particular, a severe influenza outbreak is likely to result in significant absenteeism in all walks of life — which for any given community could translate to about 25 percent of the work force on any given day for the duration of the local epidemic. Thus, services and supply chains, although not completely disabled, probably will be functioning well below their normal levels. Those who do not prepare for this will feel the consequences the most.
Personal preparedness benefits not only the individuals and families who do it but also their community. Every person who is self-reliant during an emergency means one fewer person seeking help from community agencies. This secondary benefit is noteworthy in that few, if any, communities are equipped to provide emergency services to more than a small fraction of their population at any one time.
As individuals, we cannot avoid a significant dependency upon governments, utilities and private-sector suppliers of goods and services, and we would be foolish to try. But we can avoid being dependent upon public agencies for every need that a disaster might create. And those who prepare themselves to the extent that their resources allow will help bring about a level of community resiliency that we are not likely to achieve any other way.
How prepared are you and your community for an emergency or disaster? Sponsored by APHA, Get Ready Day, on Tuesday, Sept. 16, is raising awareness about community preparedness. No matter where you live, there is always a possibility of a public health emergency, from earthquakes and hurricanes to infectious disease or terrorism.
Bring the Get Ready message to your community during Get Ready Day by holding an event. You'll find plenty of helpful free preparedness planning materials on the Get Ready fact sheet page or via the Red Cross. September is also National Preparedness Month, so check out this great information from Uncle Sam as well. If you hold a Get Ready event, drop us a line and let us know. We'd love to hear what you did.
Thanks to your help and Get Ready events held around the country, we'll all be a bit more prepared for the worst!
Two U.S. states are hoping that giving residents a pass on taxes for emergency supplies will convince residents to get ready for hurricanes. This May, Virginia and Louisiana — both states that have recently been in the paths of storms — each held sales tax holidays in anticipation of hurricane seasons.
Virginia's Hurricane Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday, held from May 25-May 31, took place for the first time, but organizers are planning to hold it annually through 2012. As long as each hurricane preparedness article cost $60 or less, residents could fill their shopping carts with emergency supplies — such as batteries, flashlights, smoke detectors, bottled water, can openers and first aid kits — and not have to pay taxes on them. Portable generators and other power supplies were also tax-free if the sales price was $1,000 or less. Such supplies came in handy in September, as tropical storm Hanna drenched the state with rain and knocked out power in some regions.
Louisiana, still recovering from the effects of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005, also held its first Hurricane Preparedness Tax Holiday from May 24-25. Louisiana residents were allowed to purchase a long list of items tax-free as long as the total was less than $1,500. Supplies that qualified for the tax break were many of the same items on the shopping list in Virginia, but also included storm shutter devices, carbon monoxide detectors and more. With Gustav hitting the state this August, the state's tax-free holiday came none too soon.
Virginia’s and Louisiana's tax-free holidays were both held for the first time this year, but they weren't the first states to cut residents such a break: In the aftermath of the 2004 hurricane season, Florida paved the way by creating a hurricane preparedness sales tax holiday. Unfortunately, the state legislature did not renew the tax holiday for 2008.
Whether or not you live in a hurricane-prone region, it makes sense to be prepared and to have emergency supplies on hand. And if your state is giving you an incentive to do so, it's a great idea to take advantage of it.
Mandatory evacuations. Flooding. Widespread power outages. If you're still hemming and hawing about creating an emergency kit or assembling a family emergency plan, the recent arrival of Hurricane Gustav should serve as a not-so-friendly reminder.
The good news is there's no time like the present to start planning. And what better time to begin than National Preparedness Month?
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Ready Campaign is sponsoring the fifth annual National Preparedness Month to educate the public about the importance of preparing for a public health emergency.
National, regional, state and local organizations will organize activities throughout September to encourage all Americans to take steps to prepare for emergencies and ask themselves, "Am I ready?" Among those marking the month is APHA, which is holding its second annual Get Ready Day Sept. 16.
The Ready Campaign and Citizen Corps are suggesting everyone start by making an emergency kit and a family preparedness plan; learn more about possible emergency situations at home, at work, at school and in the community; and become more involved community preparedness activities.
For some ideas about how you can get started on your emergency kit and stockpile, visit APHA's Get Ready: Set Your Clocks, Check Your Stocks Web pages. For a complete list of events during National Preparedness Month, visit www.ready.gov.
Even though Gustav is on its way out, storms Hannah and Ike are on the horizon. Take the time now to prepare for all emergencies.
How prepared are you and your community for an emergency or disaster? Not very, if you are like most Americans.
That's why Tuesday, Sept. 16, is Get Ready Day. Sponsored by APHA, Get Ready Day is raising awareness about community preparedness.
No matter where you live, there is always a possibility of a public health emergency, from earthquakes and hurricanes to infectious disease or terrorism. Unfortunately, Americans just aren't prepared for a public health crisis, according to a 2007 poll from APHA.
A whopping 87 percent of Americans would not be prepared if a public health crisis such as an infectious disease outbreak or disaster struck their communities the next day, the poll found. While disasters such as Hurricane Katrina have made us all more aware of what could go wrong, only 14 percent of people said they had an adequate emergency supply of water, food and medication.
So what can you do? First, assess how prepared you and your family are (Do you have an emergency plan? A three-day supply of food and water? Where would your family meet during a disaster if they could not go home? How would you leave town if you had to evacuate?) Check out these planning tips and information on emergency stockpiling for help in getting yourself and your family prepared.
Once you are up to date, bring the Get Ready message to your community during Get Ready Day. Need ideas? Here's a few:
* Sponsor a preparedness talk at your local senior center or hold a community meeting. Invite someone from your local health department or American Red Cross to be a speaker.
* Insert preparedness planning materials into your church or religious organization’s bulletin, and post information at your library.
* Work with a local grocery store to promote preparedness and stockpiling to shoppers through displays or fliers. Pass out shopping lists of what people should have to be prepared.
You'll find plenty of helpful free preparedness planning materials on the Get Ready fact sheet page or via the Red Cross. September is also National Preparedness Month, so check out this great information from Uncle Sam as well.
In August, the Get Ready campaign debuted Spanish-language versions of its popular Helping Handouts series. The free handouts address preparedness issues such as handwashing, vaccinations, food safety, healthy travel and pandemic flu.
The colorful handouts -- which are also available in English -- are aimed at educating the public and are presented in a fun, easy-to-read style. They can be used at health fairs, passed out on campus, posted at work or handed out at health clinics -- it's up to you!
The new Spanish-language materials are just the latest offerings from APHA's Get Ready campaign, which works to help Americans prepare themselves, their families and their communities for all hazards, including pandemic flu, infectious diseases and other health emergencies.
Other free Get Ready materials include a stockpiling checklist, fact sheets on infectious disease, preparedness tips and games for kids. Many of the resources can be customized with your organization's logo, so be sure and check them out.
In an emergency, how ready are you to help the diverse groups that live in your community? To be in the know, check out the National Resource Center on Advancing Emergency Preparedness for Culturally Diverse Communities. It's the first Web site devoted to helping ensure that racially and ethnically diverse populations are prepared for a public health emergency.
The site is focused on collaboration and communication. It's full of great links to important policies, publications, training materials, translated documents and more - everything to help prepare diverse communities for emergencies.
"There's not a one-size-fits-all plan," says Jonathan Purtle, a health policy analyst with the Drexel University School of Public Health's Center for Health Equality, which developed the site with support from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Minority Health. In an emergency, national organizations must rely on local expertise when planning a relief effort - which is where residents and community leaders come in.
Web visitors can access articles on emergency situations such as bioterrorism, natural disasters and disease outbreaks. Articles are posted in a range of languages - from Albanian to Laotian to Yupik.
To stay informed, sign up for the Diversity Preparedness E-Newsletter, which will be issued monthly.
The National Resource Center is a needed site and a great resource, Purtle told APHA's Get Ready campaign, but it's too early to know the benefits. The main goal is to ensure that everyone in our communities is accounted for in our emergency preparedness plans, including those created in our local communities and hometowns. So it's up to all of us to use these resources and work with leaders to make sure we're all prepared.
Welcome to another installment of the Get Ready Mailbag, when we take time to answer questions from our readers. Have a question you want answered? Send us an e-mail!
Q. With gas prices at record highs, I'm thinking about taking public transportation to work. But I'm concerned about all the germs. What can I do to keep myself healthy?
A. First of all, good for you for considering public transportation. Not only will you save money and perhaps time on your commute, you'll also be getting some physical exercise while contributing to the fight against global warming. So don't let your fear of germs stop you. A few simple precautions will go a long way to help keep you healthy.
The most basic precaution is to do what you can to avoid coming into contact with germs. When possible (remember, your safety is most important!), avoid touching the handrails, poles, seats and other items that a lot of people touch on buses or trains. You can also choose to wear gloves. If you do touch something, don't put your hands in your pockets or touch your eyes, mouth or nose until they’ve been washed. You can also try to stagger your commute times so there are fewer people traveling at the same time. This might allow you to have enough room to stand out of range from someone coughing or sneezing on you.
However, since it's almost impossible not to come into contact with any germs, be sure to wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water as soon as you arrive at your destination. You should also carry alcohol-based hand sanitizer to use when you can’t get to a restroom to wash up.
Follow these simple suggestions and you should be able to enjoy the benefits of public transportation without worrying about getting sick!
Now that you are a grown up, you may think that tiny tots are the only ones that have to go to the doctor’s office and get regular vaccinations. Think again. Although kids need to get quite a few shots, people of all ages need to keep up on immunizations to protect themselves from threats to their health.
Today, Aug. 1, marks the beginning of National Immunization Awareness Month, during which health clinics and public health workers will be urging everyone in the nation to make sure their shots are up to date.
With students heading back to school soon, now is the perfect time to be thinking about vaccinations. While most parents are aware that infants and children need immunizations, don’t forget that college students need them as well, and some schools may prevent them from heading to class unless they are up to date.
Flu season is just around the corner, and pneumonia is a threat as well, so make sure you and your older family members are vaccinated. While you are meeting with your doctor, ask about other shots you may need, such as shingles vaccine for older adults. Gardeners may also want to make sure their tetanus shots are up to date, as it naturally occurs in soil, and is not just on rusty nails.
Not sure which vaccines you and your family need? The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has a great schedule that will tell you exactly what to get when, no matter what stage of life you are in.
Remember: By not getting vaccinated, you not only risk making yourself sick, but also your colleagues, friends and family. So plan on taking some time to update your vaccinations soon.
It's a long way from Broadway to the Gulf Coast, but Dolly knows how to perform for a crowd, no matter the location. Taking honors as the fourth named Atlantic storm of the 2008 season, Hurricane Dolly -- recently downgraded to a tropical depression -- made landfall this week in south Texas. Despite fame as a musical delight, Dolly reminded people this week that hurricanes are no laughing matter.
The U.S. hurricane season lasts from June 1 to Nov. 30, a full six months of havoc-wreaking potential. Most tropical storms develop during the peak of the season, August through October. In 2008, experts predict that there will be about 15 named storms and eight hurricanes, four of which have the potential of being major hurricanes — category 3 or greater.
With so many potential storms brewing, it's up to each of us to be ready and to protect ourselves, our families and friends. The top tip? Make a family disaster plan. As anyone who lives in a hurricane-prone area knows, residents are often required to evacuate on short notice. Know the local evacuation routes as well as area shelters and carry a list of emergency phone contacts. If you have seniors living near by, check on them and make sure they have a way to leave town, if necessary.
It's also key to create a disaster supply kit. You'll need a radio, first-aid kit, non-perishable food items, water, flashlights, batteries, clothing and a waterproof container with important documents. Put the kit in an easy-to-access area where you can grab it and go during an evacuation.
Hurricanes can be scary for kids, so help them get informed and prepared with these games. It's also a good idea to toss some toys or books for the kids in your disaster kit to help while the time away in a shelter or during a power outage.
Remember: While the curtain has closed on Dolly, the peak of the season is just around the corner- an ominous reminder to get ready and be prepared.
Photo courtesy Federal Emergency Management Agency. A Brownsville, Texas, resident pushes his stalled car through floodwaters on July 24 following Hurricane Dolly's landfall.
Ever heard the old saying "cleanliness is next to saintliness?" As it turns out, cleanliness is also key to healthiness, especially when it comes to infectious diseases.
By following good hygiene practices, disinfecting our homes and safely disposing of waste, we can all help fight the spread of infectious disease, according to a new fact sheet from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
The fact sheet, "Control of Pandemic Flu Virus on Environmental Surfaces in Homes and Public Places," highlights everyday things you can do to prevent the spread of disease, such as using your sleeve to cover your sneeze instead of your hands. The suggestions focus on stopping the spread of germs early, which is when it counts the most. Some of the tips are obvious -- such as washing your hands before eating or disinfecting kitchen counters -- while others are less well-known.
• Wash your hands before removing clothes from the washer or dryer, especially if you've sneezed or coughed.
• Wash common surfaces, such as doorknobs, door handles, remote controls, phones and microwave buttons.
• Don’t forget to sanitize surfaces in your car, such as the steering wheel, stick shift, radio or window controls.
• Carry alcohol-based hand wipes or sanitizing gels when you’re away from home in case you can’t find a place to wash your hands.
• Teach your kids to follow good hygiene while away from home, especially at school -- where diseases often spread.
Remember: Even though these tips are aimed at pandemic flu, many of them can also work against other infectious diseases. Our recommendation? Take a look at the fact sheet and find ways to build these practices into your everyday life now, as they are bound to pay off sooner rather than later.
Congratulations, high school graduates! Your tassels have been turned and caps thrown in the air. For those going on to college, a new journey awaits. But before heading to campus with your laptop and books, consider packing a few more things in your bag.
University life can present many challenges, not the least of which are final exams. Outbreaks of infectious disease, natural disasters and other emergencies can force schools, including the dining hall, to shut down for a period of time. Surveys have indicated that most people have not created emergency preparedness plans and are unprepared for an emergency. Being at school and away from home and family presents additional challenges. Knowing what to do and having a plan can make all the difference in the time of an emergency.
To help plan ahead, talk with your resident advisor or student life office about your school's emergency preparedness plan. Check out your school's Web site for information concerning evacuation plans and drills. Familiarize yourself with the plans and keep important phone numbers in a safe place such as your emergency preparedness kit.
If you don't have a kit, make one. As you buy your twin sheet sets and shower shoes, pick up items for an emergency preparedness kit too. You'll need things like a flashlight, bottled water, batteries and canned food.
Supplies for the kit should last about three days, but if you're able and have room, pack in a little more in case of an extended emergency. If your dorm room is small and storage space is limited, check to see if your dorm has a central storage area.
You've worked hard to get here. A little more preparing can help keep you safe and healthy on "College Hill" no matter what threats you face.
Ever wonder if it’s okay to let your best friend — the furry one who pads around your house on four legs — lick your face or share your spoon?
Probably not, says Lonnie King, DVM, senior veterinarian at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, who spoke with APHA’s Get Ready campaign about zoonotic diseases recently. Which brings up another question: What in the world is a zoonotic disease? The word “zoo” sort of makes you think of the zoo — the place you go to see elephants and giraffes without having to go on a safari in South Africa. The word “zoonotic” has its roots in Greek and means animal diseases. Zoonotic diseases are naturally occurring diseases that can be transmitted from or through animals to people.
About 75 percent of recent emerging infectious diseases affecting humans are diseases of animal origin, says King, who is director of CDC’s director of CDC’s National Center for Zoonotic, Vector-Borne and Enteric Diseases.
“We love our pets, and the benefits that we get from the human-animal bond…helps our psychological well being,” King says in an exclusive online Q&A with the Get Ready campaign.
But dogs, cats, birds and turtles, among other cute critters, can transmit diseases like toxoplasmosis, salmonella, roundworms and hookworms, to name a few.
“Don’t be so overly concerned that you miss out on the wonderful benefits of your pets as companions and the richness they add to your life,” King advises. “Just understand that they are a potential source of threats — not a high risk — but you need to use precautions.”
Officials in Europe approved a new vaccine recently that may offer some hope for preventing an influenza pandemic.
In May, the European Commission approved Prepandrix, a "pre-pandemic" vaccine, for marketing in the European Union. The GlaxoSmithKline vaccine is designed to be used in advance of a pandemic or just as it begins to prevent spread of the disease. Both Switzerland and the United States have ordered supplies of the vaccine, according to news reports.
"Pre-pandemic vaccination is an important strategy for addressing the current threat of a pandemic posed by H5N1," said Jean Stéphenne, president and general manager of GlaxoSmithKline Biologicals in a May news release.
The vaccine is based on the Vietnam flu strain, but reportedly produces an immune response against the H5N1 flu strain, which is of current global concern. If the H5N1 strain mutates or another strain becomes a pandemic, the vaccine may not be as protective, however.
As of June 18, the World Health Organization had reported 385 human cases of H5N1 infection from 15 countries, resulting in 243 deaths.
Welcome to another installment of the Get Ready Mailbag, where we take time to answer questions sent our way by readers like you. Have a question you want answered? Send an e-mail to pandemicflu@apha.org today!
Bird flu -- also referred to as avian flu or H5N1 -- is an important health issue. Although no immediate threat of a bird flu pandemic exists in the United States, it is definitely important to plan ahead so you and your family are prepared. However, eating chicken and eggs aren’t something to worry about.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture says that as long as poultry and eggs are properly handled and cooked, they're still safe to eat. You can't catch bird flu if your food is cooked at a high enough temperature. To make sure your chicken is cooked all the way through, use a meat thermometer and ensure that the inside of your chicken is at least 165° F throughout.
And although it may be tempting to lick the bowl while baking, never eat raw eggs or food with raw egg ingredients like cookie dough or cake batter. Instead, be sure to thoroughly cook all dishes with raw eggs in them before eating them.
Today's guest blog entry is by Marty Fenstersheib, MD, MPH, health officer for the Santa Clara County Public Health Department, in San Jose, Calif.
As a public health leader, a good part of my job involves planning and preparing for public health emergencies. I find myself asking hypothetical questions like the proverbial "what if?"
What if pandemic influenza comes to our community? What if health care and other essential workers can't come to work? What if we gave them information to be better prepared at home? Would that help?
While pandemic flu made the headlines a few years back, news coverage and a sense of the threat has fizzled. That's a problem because I believe the threat is just as real today. So what if pandemic flu started causing illness in people?
Public health officials worry about having enough healthy workers –- doctors, nurses, police and fire personnel and many others -- required to take care of our basic medical and societal needs. We know a shortage of these workers is likely in any large-scale emergency.
Did you know that in California all public employees can be called to serve as disaster service workers? It's true. But even with this state law behind us, I don’t think everyone will report for duty right away. Some will be sick –- doctors and nurses don't have any special immunity. Others will be taking care of sick family members, which is a natural, reasonable and caring response.
In an effort to increase the number of public employees who will be ready to serve, we undertook an innovative project: the Home Care Guide: Providing Care at Home During Pandemic Flu.* The guide has easy-to-follow sections such as preparing your home and providing good care at home. This hands-on tool is helping our public employees get their own homes ready and their families taken care of so that they are better able to fulfill their responsibility as disaster service workers.
While we are working to make sure our local community is better prepared, we also hope the guide will be helpful to health care professionals, emergency workers and necessary service workers in communities throughout the United States.
The information in the guide can help you prepare as well. Download a copy or link to our full version by visiting our Web site. Spanish and Vietnamese translated versions of the guide will also be available in August. Use the information in the guide to protect your health, and the health of people you love.
*The Home Care Guide: Providing Care at Home During Pandemic Flu was developed as part of Santa Clara County’s Advanced Practice Center Program. Designated as an Advanced Practice Center by the National Association of County and City Health Officials, the Santa Clara County Public Health Department works to advance public health preparedness and develop “best practice” tools and resources to address preparedness challenges.
Father’s Day is just around the corner on Sunday, June 15. So what are you going to give dear old dad this year? Not a boring tie, surely. How about showing your thanks by giving him a personalized emergency preparedness kit? We all know dads love gadgets and duct tape, so this gift is perfect.
Disasters can strike at any time. Pandemic flu, infectious diseases or natural disasters such as hurricanes or tornadoes can have devastating effects on both communities and families. However, the effects of disasters can be lessened if preparations are made ahead of time. That’s where an emergency kit comes in.
You may be asking yourself, “what do I include in this emergency kit for dad?” Luckily, emergency kits are full of things dads appreciate, such as flashlights and batteries, duct tape, scissors, whistle, battery-operated radio and a battery-operated or hand-cranked radio. Other key items include local maps, extra set of keys, medicine, fire extinguisher, paper and pencil, matches, medical kit, garbage bags, latex gloves, hand sanitizer and face masks. For more ideas of what to put in your kit, download a PDF of our emergency stockpile checklist.
Tell dad to put his kit in an easy-to-find place around the house so that it’s handy when the time comes that he needs it. While a hand-assembled kit created by you is extra special, you can also buy preassembled preparedness kits online or in local stores. Make this Father’s Day one he will remember: Say thanks for all those years Dad spent taking care of you by showing how prepared you’ve become.
Welcome to another installment of the Get Ready Mailbag, when we take time to answer questions sent our way by readers like you. Got a question you want answered? Send an e-mail to pandemicflu@apha.org today!
Q. I keep hearing about dengue fever and West Nile in the news. Since I live in an area with lots of mosquitoes, are these diseases that I need to be worried about?
A. When you live in an area with mosquitoes, you should always take precautions to keep yourself safe.
Right now, dengue fever is still found mostly in the tropics and subtropics. It isn't a major threat to the United States, although it has already become more common in areas along the U.S. – Mexico border. And there is concern that with our warming climate dengue will spread as mosquito populations grow and their range expands.
West Nile virus is an issue that we're already facing in the United States. Since the virus was first recognized in New York City in 1999, it has spread rapidly across the United States. Last year, human cases were reported in 43 states.
However, there are several things you can do to protect yourself from any mosquito-borne disease. Try to avoid being outdoors at dawn and dusk when mosquitoes are most active. Wear long sleeves and pants whenever possible, and use insect repellent. You can also try to limit the number of mosquitoes around your home by making sure you don't have any standing water in which they can lay eggs and breed.
Hiking. Gardening. Exploring nature. While enjoying the great outdoors this summer, savor the sunshine and s'mores, but be sure to guard against a little traveler looking for a free ride and a cheap meal: the tick.
May, June and July are prime months for tick bites. This eight-legged arachnid — not an insect, but a member of the scorpion, spider and mite family — is often found in or near wooded areas. It attaches itself to another animal or human by dropping from its perch or grabbing on when brushed up against in tall grass or shrubs and sucks the blood of its host. A tick bite may transmit one of a number of common diseases, including Lyme disease, Rocky Mountain spotted fever and tularemia. That’s why it’s important to be extra careful.
The best way to protect yourself from tick-related illness is to avoid tick bites, so here are a few tips when you suspect ticks are in the area:
*Pull your socks over your pant legs — apologies to the fashion conscious among you — to prevent them from climbing up your legs.
*Apply bug spray with 20 percent DEET to your clothes and to any skin not protected by clothing, but do not spray skin underneath clothes.
*Check your clothes for ticks before going indoors. Wash clothes with hot water and dry them on high for one hour or more if you find a tick on you.
*Slowly pull the tick straight up, checking to see that there's nothing left of the tick in the skin.
Last but not least, don't forget to check pets for ticks. Not only can ticks pose harm to your pets, but your pets can also carry ticks into your home. Learn more about ticks and how to prevent diseases spread by ticks on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Web site.
Bzzzz…smack! Get the mosquito repellent! Yes, it's that time of year again, when mosquitoes make their annual pesky comeback.
Unfortunately, mosquito bites are not the only things making a return. Those skeeters may also be bringing West Nile virus along for the ride. The disease most often causes just a mild illness, but can sometimes cause fevers, encephalitis, meningitis or death.
West Nile virus was originally isolated in a woman in the West Nile district of Uganda in 1937, hence the name. Since that time, the disease has spread. The first U.S. cases were reported in 1999 in New York City. West Nile virus cases have been on the rise in the United States for the past eight years, increasing from an initial 62 cases to more than 3,500 in 2007. Last year, 121 people died from the disease in the United States, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. As of this week, CDC reports four human cases in 2008-- and summer is officially still a month away.
With global temperatures rising, the disease seems poised to stay, due to longer periods of favorable growth conditions for mosquitoes and the expansion of warmer climate areas. In the United States, the disease has had the greatest impact in Western states in recent years. Just this month, 13 birds were been found with the disease in Orange County, Calif., according to news reports.
The best offense against West Nile virus is a great defense, which means prevention is the best strategy. Health officials recommend using insect repellents, wearing long sleeves and pants or staying inside at dusk and dawn, when skeeters are most active. Keep your doors shut and have good window screens to keep mosquitoes from coming inside. Last but not least, be sure to remove puddles of water from around your home such as water collected in buckets, flower pots and water drains, as they can be breeding sites.
By taking these precautions, you can enjoy the great weather instead of worrying about the annoying, itchy and occasionally severe health effects that can come with mosquito bites.
Welcome to the Get Ready Mailbag, a new feature on this blog. As we receive questions from our readers by e-mail and letters, we'll occasionally post our answers here. Got a question you want answered? Send an e-mail to pandemicflu@apha.org today!
Q. I know that flu season is usually in the winter, but I'm feeling sick and think it might be the flu. Is it possible to get the flu in the summer?
A. That's a great question. The simple answer is that yes, it's possible to get the flu in the summer — but it isn't common. Explaining why is a little more complicated.
In the Northern Hemisphere, winter is the time for flu. In the United States, flu season can range from November to as late as May, encompassing parts of fall, winter and spring. But during summer, if you think you have the flu it is most likely another type of respiratory illness.
It's not impossible to catch flu in the summer, though, and travel is often the culprit. While the flu season is associated with the winter months, remember that in the Southern Hemisphere, winter is from April through September — and so is flu season! And in the tropics, you could be at risk of flu year round because there is no defined flu season. Travelers can also catch the flu in the summer if they are involved in group travel, like a cruise or a long flight, and someone brings on board the flu virus that they caught during a winter outbreak at home.
So if you plan to head south this summer, have a vacation planned in the tropics or will be taking a cruise — take precautions. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends getting a flu shot if you didn't already this flu season. And don't forget to take simple steps to stay healthy: Wash your hands with soap often, cover your mouth and nose when you sneeze and cough and avoid close contact with people who are sick from a respiratory illness. If you have a respiratory illness, keep this in mind to protect the people you live and work with from getting sick.
Today's guest blog entry is written by the Florida Maternal and Child Health Preparedness Team, a group of health professionals working to create an emergency preparedness toolkit for pregnant women and children. The team is part of APHA's Maternal and Child Health Community Leadership Institute, a program that helps public health professionals develop leadership approaches to address the health needs of women and children.
Caring for pregnant women and infants during a health threat has become a vital concern. During a pandemic flu outbreak, the number of mothers and babies going to hospitals may make it difficult to manage their needs. Some women and infants will not need urgent care, yet once they are sent out into the community their health status could change. Every hospital and its community should work with local maternal and child health groups to address childbirth and care of women and infants after delivery and create plans in case of an emergency.
The leaders of the American College of Nurse Midwives, Association of Maternal Child Health Programs, White Ribbon Alliance and the Florida Maternal and Child Health Preparedness Team are leading the way by creating guidelines. Guidelines reflect the need for prenatal care to continue and provision of skilled care during birth, as services may become hard to find or out of reach. They must address the care and feeding of newborns and children with special needs.
The need for clear instructions for women who must give birth during any type of crisis with little or no help can be introduced during prenatal visits and childbirth classes. Information should include how to stay healthy, how to gather supplies for a basic birth kit as well as basic birth instructions.
The main concern should also include preventing poor outcomes in both mother and baby. All health workers must be trained in how to protect the health of infants by helping promote breastfeeding. The basic message in infant care and feeding needs is that breastfeeding is the normal method of infant feeding. This will provide a protective effect when supplies are short and waves of flu are long.
When you head to the store for your groceries this weekend, be sure and pick up some extra cereal, pasta and peanut butter to donate to those in need. You'll help improve preparedness in your community, and thanks to an upcoming national food drive, you only have to leave your contributions as far as your front door.
Next Saturday, May 10, is the annual Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive, the nation's largest single-day food collection event. To participate, leave bags of nonperishable, nonexpired foods next to your mailbox and your letter carrier will pick them up and deliver them to local food banks. Making a difference doesn't get any easier than that!
This year's Stamp Out Hunger campaign, organized by the U.S. Postal Service, the National Association of Letter Carriers and the Campbell Soup Company, is particularly important as rising food prices increase the number of U.S. families who are facing food insecurity and hunger. There are 35 million Americans who are hungry or living on the brink of hunger. Many of these people depend on food banks to ensure that they have enough to eat.
Along with helping provide for those in need, food banks play an important part in community preparedness. If there are 35 million people who already don't have enough to eat, what will happen when a disaster such as a hurricane, tornado or pandemic flu strikes? Demand on food banks will increase. That's why it is important to support our community food banks year-round.
Join Americans all around the country by contributing whatever you can on May 10. Whether you buy extra groceries the next time you shop or donate extra nonexpired canned goods you have in your pantry, every little bit helps and moves your local food banks one step closer to being prepared. Just leave them by your mailbox. No stamp required.
If you are not sure whether your letter carrier is participating in Stamp Out Hunger or if live in an urban area, contact your local post office. Interested in other ways to help food banks? Read our tips and help your community prepare.
For scientists, finding the birthplace of influenza has been like playing a long game of hide-and-go-seek. But the search seems to now be over, as a team of international researchers has shed new light on where flu originates.
A study in Science Magazine looked at influenza A H3N2 viruses, finding that since 2002, the viruses have migrated out of what the authors call the "east and southeast Asian circulation network" before making a one-way trip around the world and eventually dying off in South America. The study shows that the strains come from Asia and then arrive in Europe and North America six to nine months later. Researchers collected 13,000 samples of influenza A H3N2 virus across six continents.
So why Asia? The researchers concluded that different regions in eastern and southeastern Asia experience different rainy seasons throughout the year, which is when flu outbreaks crop up.
"There can be cities that are only 700 miles away from each other, such as Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur, which have epidemics six months apart," said Derek Smith of the University of Cambridge, the corresponding author of the study. "There is a lot of variability like this in East and Southeast Asia, so lots of opportunity for an epidemic in one country to seed an epidemic to another nearby country, like a baton passed by runners in a relay race."
Tourists and trade visitors to Asia help spread the flu throughout the world. If the trend continues, eastern and southeastern Asia may become the new focus of surveillance — which could provide improvements to future vaccines and potentially help predict changes in flu viruses.
With hide-and-go-seek now over, what we've learned can help prevent the flu's spread. Anyone for a game of tag, you're it?
Thanks to lifesaving vaccines, dreaded childhood diseases such as polio, whooping cough, mumps and measles are a distant memory for most people in the United States. But the viruses and bacteria that cause these diseases are still around and can be passed to people who have not been vaccinated.
April 19-26 marks National Infant Immunization Week, a yearly observance that emphasizes the importance of protecting the littlest members of our families from vaccine-preventable diseases. The week gives everyone a chance to celebrate all of the successes of immunization programs and works to ensure that all infants are fully immunized against 14 vaccine-preventable diseases.
This year, hundreds of communities across the United States will also join with nearly 60 other countries in the Western Hemisphere and Europe to celebrate Vaccination Week in the Americas and European Immunization Week. Every community, no matter how large or small, can help reduce and prevent vaccine-preventable diseases and celebrate National Infant Immunization Week!
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has resources for planning National Infant Immunization Week events, including English and Spanish-language materials, sample op-ed articles and facts. Help make more childhood infectious diseases a thing of the past!
wall mounted toothbrush holder and soap dispenser set ceramic dish vintage tumbler double holders in,wall mounted toothbrush holder vintage sanitizer ceramic soap dish and modern chrome double cups,hands free toothpaste dispenser 2 colors wall mounted toothbrush holder brushed nickel and soap set ceramic dish,wall mounted toothbrush holder amazon ceramic soap dish and sanitizer bathroom stainless steel with paste,wall mounted toothbrush holder with two ceramic cups antique brushed nickel walmart and soap dish,wall mounted toothbrush holder bed bath and beyond ceramic soap dish amazon frosted glass,wall mounted ceramic soap dish and toothbrush holder polished brass glass bottle amazon,gold color bathroom accessories polished brass wall mounted toothbrush holder amazon target ceramic soap dish and,wall mounted toothbrush holder sanitizer amazon brushed nickel gold color brass with double ceramic,gray creative wall mounted toothbrush holder walmart target ceramic soap dish and.
As you may have noticed, the Fayette County Engineer's name is followed by the letters "P.E., P.S." All County Engineers in Ohio are required to be both, a licensed Professional Engineer (P.E.) and a licensed Professional Surveyor (P.S.).
To attain a Professional Engineer license, a degree from an accredited four year engineering college or university is required which grants eligibility to take an eight hour Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) exam. Upon passing, the title of Engineer Intern or E.I. is earned. Then an internship for four years in the field of engineering is required. After passing an eight hour Principles and Practice of Engineering (PE) exam, which demonstrates ones engineering proficiency, the Professional Engineers license for Ohio from the State Board of Registration for Professional Engineers and Surveyors is granted.
To qualifying as a Professional Surveyor, one must first graduate from an accredited four year engineering college or university. Additionally and at least 24 credit hours in surveying or related courses, as determined by the State Board of Registration. Now eligible to take an eight hour Fundamentals of Surveying (FS) exam and upon passing the title of Surveyor Intern. or S.I. is granted. After an internship for four years in the field of land surveying, an eight hour Principles and Practice of Surveying (PS) exam is taken to demonstrate surveying proficiency. Upon passing the exam, a Professional Surveyors license for Ohio is earned from the State Board of Registration for Professional Engineers and Surveyors
The reason for requiring both Professional Engineers and Professional Surveyors licenses for the County Engineer is the knowledge and experience to carry out Section 315.08 of the Ohio Revised Code which states the county engineer "… shall prepare all plans, specifications, details, estimates of cost, and submit forms of contracts for the construction, maintenance, and repair of all bridges, culverts, roads, drains, ditches, roads … within and for the County." Additionally, the County Engineer reviews all land descriptions for deeds and prepares tax maps of all parcels in the county. To perform this service properly, he or she must have land surveying knowledge and experience.
The County Engineer must also have the engineering and surveying knowledge to work closely with the Township Trustees and the Ohio Department of Transportation in cooperative efforts to improve township roads and state highways. The County Engineer is also involved with the Regional Planning Commission in matters relating to our local highway system.
The Abyss—a gaping chasm stretching down into the depths of the earth, filled with mysterious creatures and relics from a time long past. How did it come to be? What lies at the bottom? Countless brave individuals, known as Divers, have sought to solve these mysteries of the Abyss, fearlessly descending into its darkest realms. The best and bravest of the Divers, the White Whistles, are hailed as legends by those who remain on the surface.
Riko, daughter of the missing White Whistle Lyza the Annihilator, aspires to become like her mother and explore the furthest reaches of the Abyss. However, just a novice Red Whistle herself, she is only permitted to roam its most upper layer. Even so, Riko has a chance encounter with a mysterious robot with the appearance of an ordinary young boy. She comes to name him Reg, and he has no recollection of the events preceding his discovery. Certain that the technology to create Reg must come from deep within the Abyss, the two decide to venture forth into the chasm to recover his memories and see the bottom of the great pit with their own eyes. However, they know not of the harsh reality that is the true existence of the Abyss.
Disclaimer: None of the files shown here are actually hosted or transmitted by this server. The links are provided solely by this site's users. The site moderation is also a service provided by the site's users. The administrator of this site (ettv.tv) cannot be held responsible for what its users post, or any other actions of its users. You may not use this site to distribute or download any material when you do not have the legal rights to do so. It is your own responsibility to adhere to these terms.
Contents © 2018 First Baptist Church Karnes City | Church Website Provided by mychurchwebsite.net | Privacy Policy
Pallid short haired brunette teen with natural boobs and soft skin rides on dirty chubby man and gets shagged from behind while he is filming her at interview in his office
As the year 2016 round up, we’re setting aside time to give God thanks and position ourselves spiritually for everything God has in store for 2017.
Our response to God in the seasons of our lives always opens up new seasons to us. When Phillip left the revival meetings in Samaria to go to the road leading to the desert, he went from being a city mover to potentially being a nation changer. History has it that the eunuch he led […]
jewish foundation school homework resume shin shinim milwaukee federation. jewish foundation school homework resume educational improvement tax credit progam federation of the. jewish foundation school homework resume federation of greater houston home facebook. jewish foundation school homework resume leadership programs federation of greater metrowest nj. jewish foundation school homework resume special education opening the doors program federation of. jewish foundation school homework resume volunteer federation of southern new jersey. jewish foundation school homework resume people with disabilities and their caregivers combined. jewish foundation school homework resume coalition for literacy federation of greater new haven. jewish foundation school homework resume day care preschool in staten island new york facebook. jewish foundation school homework resume the box hanke tutkii ja kehittää uudenlaisen aisteihin.
Just as two-year-olds acquire language, threes begin to really use it. Their improved language ability makes parenting easier, as they can sometimes even be talked into doing something they don’t want to do if you can give them a compelling reason. When your three-year-old misbehaves, a discussion will be an important part of your approach to discipline.
Your toddler has probably developed a wonderful sense of humor and enjoys listening to silly rhymes, perhaps even making up some of his own. He enjoys songs and finger plays and wants them to be part of his day. Threes love mystery words and the emphasis they give:
You may even be able to change the course of a whiny conversation with a mystery word and some quick thinking!
Your undivided attention in conversations with your child will enable him to share with you his accomplishments and discoveries. He will appreciate your listening ears and attentive eyes as he shares his questions and “stories.” Threes become great conversationalists, almost as interested in what others are saying as in what they say themselves. Language, at last, becomes reciprocal!
Observing these wonderful new language skills, you may be tempted to push your child in reading and writing. Resist this temptation! At this time, play is his way of learning. A child learns best who learns for himself. Although young children can learn to read (they will do anything to please their parents!) it tends to cost them something later. Watch for your child’s own desire to learn numbers and letters, and be sure the desire is coming from him and not in order to please you!
In the meantime, reading to him, talking to him, listening to him and giving him unlimited opportunities for play and exploration will prepare him well for the complex process of learning to read.
Your three-year-old may experience episodes of stuttering as he is able to think faster than he can form the words to express himself. Stuttering provides him with a little time to pull his words together and is only rarely a cause for concern at this age. Give him your full attention when he speaks and resist the urge to tell him to “slow down” or finish his sentences for him. As in so much of parenting, patience seems to be the key!
Your competent, confident three-year-old loves to do things for herself. For that reason, she will love books that invite her to lift the flap, answer a question, pull a tab, poke, squeeze, sniff, or otherwise participate actively in the reading session. Books have become very real to her, and she wants to participate in reading just as she has learned to participate in life! Here are some participation books your child may enjoy:
Reading aloud is an effective way for parents to say to their children, “You are so special to me that I want to spend this time with you.” It’s the surest method for teaching a child to learn to love books. And once you’ve taught her that, she’ll spend the rest of her life teaching herself.
Gulf Consult have been appointed by Dr. Abdulla Al Mansoor, the Owner, to provide study and multidiscipline design service for the Specialized Ophthalmology Center.
The center consists of 2 emergency treatment rooms, 15 investigation rooms, 16 examination rooms, 3 eye operation rooms, 6 recovery rooms, administration offices library, lecture hall, supporting services and car parking for 72 cars located within the building.
The Specialized Ophthalmology Center is positioning itself in Kuwait to be leader in the prevention, treatment and after care of eye diseases.
Owner’s brief was to create an architecturally exciting building, which is within budget, economically viable, and one which enjoys a unique identity amongst the other existing developments in the Salmiya vicinity.
Enhance professionals expertise and opportunities for resident and visiting Ophthalmology professionals from abroad
A section or division of a wall, ceiling or a flat piece of building material that forms the part of the surface of a wall, door or cabinet.
There are several partnership options for unmarried individuals to buy a piece of property, such as live-in partnerships (in which both buyers share the residence) or a shared-equity partnership (in which one buyer lives in the home and the other is an in
A tax term that refers to any loss from a passive activity, such as the ownership but not the operation of a piece of rental real estate.
A common pest-control inspection is a termite inspection, which is required in some states, such as California.
When a buyer applies for a loan, the lender will calculate the principal, interest, taxes and insurance. The figure is designed to represent the borrower's actual monthly mortgage-related expenses.
The concept began in the 19th century and describes any town or neighborhood built with certain guidelines and goals.
Residents own the home and the land, and share the use and financial responsibility for common areas.
Fees charged by lenders at the time a loan is originated. A point is equal to 1 percent of the total loan amount.
The structure can be a simple covered entrance to a home or a fully enclosed room on the outside of a residence.
A lender who makes loans with its own funds and keeps the loans on the company's books--in other words, inside the institution's "portfolio"--rather than selling the loan on the secondary market.
When a buyer signs the papers and receives the keys to the house, the buyer officially takes possession.
A letter from a lender that informs a seller about the amount of money that a potential buyer can obtain.
Interest paid before it is due. For example, at the close of a real estate transaction borrowers usually pay for the interest on their loan that falls between the closing period and the first monthly payment.
Many lenders will prequalify a borrower who is shopping for a loan by completing a preliminary assessment of the buyer's ability to pay for a home.
The idea that a house will more likely appreciate in value if its size, age, condition and style are similar to, or conform to, other houses in the neighborhood.
An appraisal term which states that real estate of lower value is enhanced by the proximity of higher-end properties.
An appraisal term which states that the value of higher-end real estate can be brought down by the proximity of too many lower-end properties.
A special type of loan insurance that many lenders require borrowers to purchase if the borrower's down payment is less than 20 percent of the home's purchase price.
A real estate sale triggered by the death of the owner, with proceeds to be divided among heirs or creditors.
A fiscal outline that includes the construction budget and all costs for land, furniture, equipment, financing, professional services, contingencies and owner-furnished goods and services.
Agreed-upon percentages of certain expenses associated with a piece of property that must be paid by the buyer or the seller at the time of closing.
Buyers compile a punch list during the final walk-through detailing items to be fixed before closing.
In February of 2015, I was new to my company and new to the Exton Region Market. The ERCC put me on a fast track to meet potential clients and make new relationships. I joined several chambers, but the ERCC is my favorite because of the great events and numerous committees there are to get involved with.
I attended an ERCC event as a guest and met Blue Dog Printing who has provided us with discounted printing services for over 8 years and Mark Poteet 223 Technology who manages my website and created it 8 years ago!
I appreciate more opportunities for online visibility with the ERCC’s blog, mini web pages, LinkedIn members group, and the online directory.
The members and staff of the Exton Region Chamber never cease to amaze me. The support, care, and friendships that I’ve experienced over the years have helped me grow my business and thrive in all kinds of economic conditions.
I have made valuable contacts from the ERCC that have resulted in business opportunities as well as friendships. A great way to introduce yourself, and your company to a willing audience.
I’ve gained incredible customers from my years with the Exton Region Chamber. Visibility of my brand has been enhanced. I believe that displaying my ERCC membership sign at the store gives customers a sense that my store is an important part of an organization that can be trusted and is respected.
I’ve been a member for just over a year and have found the Exton Region Chamber to be a very friendly group of business people. Feeling welcome and meeting people who are open to conversation has opened opportunities to offer our services and gain new business. I look forward to our continued relationship with the Exton Region Chamber.
In the short few months I have been a part of the Exton Region Chamber we saw so much growth in our practice that we hired another person in the office and added a full time marketing position. Every person I have met are genuinely interested in sharing ideas and I have built amazing friendships.
The ERCC members are uniquely committed to promote one another and their community…and they are friendly people as well!
We have greatly enjoyed rejoining the Exton Region Chamber from the mere fact that we have been able to extend our sector representation across our board. We even found our current Treasurer from the Exton Region Chamber.
We are engaged in providing Packing and Moving Services, which caters to the requirements of commercial as well as our household clients. Our team of packaging professionals ensure that safe and secure packaging is done for any kind of commodities. Every item is packed individually based upon the nature of the goods.
We also make remarks on the packed material that will help while loading, unloading and unpacking of goods.Most of moving companies in Delhi have their online portals. To hire a moving company or get the detailed information about them, these portals are the most appropriate option. Within few hours you can easily collect lots of information about packers and movers in Delhi through your computer.
We provide complete cooperation to our esteemed clients’ and cater to their problems with regard to car transportation by providing a spectrum of Car Carrier Services. Our professionals use the best available quality packing materials for safe packing of products. Our excellent carrier vehicles have helped us in providing safe transportation of cars on the preferred destination of our customers’. We offer completely minimum charges.
We are offering comprehensive sorts of Car Carrier Services. These services are properly executed and handled by our efficient personnel; who adhere to high quality standards and take care of even a single scratch in valuable cars. These services are highly renowned for economical rates, complete security, timely and safe transportation.
We are involved in providing supreme quality Transport Services in the prevailing market. The services are accomplished by our competent team of drivers and transport professionals. Maximum care is taken by them in rendering these services, in order to ensure complete safety. Cost effective and versatile in nature, the services are highly appreciated by the clients. The services offered by us include Domestic Transport Services, Trailer Services and Container Truck Service, among others.
We have procured high capacity transport fleets and conveying machines to efficiently handle the material loading and unloading processes. Our broad range is applauded for the properties like competitive prices, promptness and added security. With the help of modern warehousing and packaging division, we are able to ship all types of items at local or distant locations of the country.
so lil man and i love being in colorado because there are so many 'climb rocks' experiences. aka, we belong to a hiking group for mommies and their tots. and to be honest, it's the best investment/ membership we have, well besides my plush sports club membership.
but today as we were meeting up with our group i got the sting of reality. because everyone in our group has different schedules and our hikes are all over colorado springs, sometimes it's a while between hikes that we see each other. well, one of the moms we had seen last in march shared happy news the same day about our impending pregnancies. well, she's 21 weeks along and well, i'm not. and apparently no one told her. and well, as i opened my eyes wide to take in the beautiful view of the rockies and opened my arms wide to catch my lil man running down the hillside, i took a deep breathe and was stung with the reality that it's just us, just the three of us.
however, on a happier note, apparently secretary gates has a heart and has decided to give our family a few more weeks together and allow us one more extra try at letting God do his magic and grow our family.
thank you sec gates for having a heart. though when we get pregnant, we won't be naming our lil one after you.
Home Decor : Modern Wall Sconce Lighting %e2%80%a2 Wall Sconces designer wall sconces lighting Lighting‚ Wall‚ Designer as well as Home Decors
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the truemiles.com website that is not truemiles.com property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s.
In no way does truemiles.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Last month, my grandfather passed away. On the day he died, we (my father's five siblings, their spouses, and every one of their twenty mostly-adult children) gathered at my grandfather's home. It wasn't long before one of my cousins had located my grandmother's photo albums, at least two dozen in all. We sat for hours in the living room, passing the photo albums around, laughing at how we all looked. (So many Cosby sweaters. So many mustaches. So many mullets.) Often I would get to the end of an album, and immediately start over from the beginning, sometimes taking more time to look through the album than I did the first time. I could hardly put them down. We stayed for a week, and not a day went by where I did not spend at least one hour looking through the albums.
Photo albums are a dying medium, which is too bad, because there's something intensely personal about them, far more personal than flipping through digital images on a camera or a computer screen. For one thing, most photo albums come from a time before you 1) could take as many pictures as you wanted, 2) could actually see the picture you got right after you took it (which is why so many pictures in photo albums are so weird - see example above - it's a tragedy that we're so quick to delete these kinds of shots from our digital cameras). Plus you had to incur the extra time and cost of getting the pictures developed. And all that came before you even get to the part where you put the pictures in the albums. Photo albums are too inconvenient these days. There are far too many overhead costs and barriers to production.
I am a graduate of the Creative Non-Fiction Program at Northwestern University. Some day I will pay off all my student debt. I am shown in this picture eating a deep fried twinkie.
Acrobat, Reader, Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop scripts... All tailored to your own specific needs to facilitate a more efficient workflow.
This script will split a PDF into two new ones, one containing the odd-numbered pages from the source, and the other the even-numbered ones.
With this script you can create a new PDF or Text file with the text extracted between a beginning marker and an end marker, both specified by the user.
The document above is the source, and the document below is the result of running the script with "information" as the beginning marker and "change" as the end marker.
This script will sort all layers in an illustration based on their name, or on a pre-determined order read from an external CSV file.
This script will allow you to combine comments from multiple versions of the same file into a single, unified, PDF. Unlike the built-in functions for exporting and importing comments using FDF files, this script does not create any additional files and can process multiple files in one go!
If you like my posts or my (free) tools and would like to say "Thanks!", you can do so using PayPal... Thank you!
Hi! Welcome to my website, dedicated to the various custom-made tools I've created, mostly for working with PDF files. My name is Gilad D., and I'm a software developer, specializing in creating the perfect solution for your needs, to make your work easier and more efficient. I do everything from small scripts in PDF forms, to dynamic stamps, to scripts that split files and extract their content, to entire stand-alone applications that can process hundreds of files...
Many of the tools available here can be purchased directly by using the "Buy Now" button at the top of the post. Unless otherwise mentioned, all tools are compatible with the current version of the application for which they were created, including at least 3 prior versions, and will run on both Windows and Mac computers!
In case of any doubts or questions, I can always be contacted at try6767@gmail.com (I post in various forums under the nickname "try67").
If you’re interested in Coastal Trekking near King Salmon, Alaska, consider a chartered flight with Trygg Air Alaska based out of King Salmon with service to and from Anchorage.
With life-long experience in providing air charter/taxi service to locals and tourists, as well as extensive experience in Coastal trip planning for Trekking and other activities near King Salmon, Alaska, Trygg Air can help you plan and execute an unforgettable Trekking trip.
Use our Contact Us page to ask questions and inquire about customized chartered flights and trip planning advice.
Back to the roots, Berkshire Gin with St. Georges Spiced Pear, topped with Pellegrino Blood orange sparkling water, and garnished with Mint and Candied Pear.
Bringing back it back with a twist featuring Russian Standard Vodka, Borghetti Espresso Liquor and shaken foamed cream
The exceptional tea experience with delicious Tea Forte flavors including Earl Grey, Chamomile Citron, China Gunpowder, African solstice, Orange Pekoe, and Bombai Chai Tea
Top line of Cigars with our Humidor and Locker Rentals We carry most popular brands as well as We can supply any Cigar you like to your locker. (Patio smoking only)
Ryan and Alex recruit Owen and Harry to help rescue their friend and defeat the villain. To help the cause, Owen brings in former agent Jocelyn Turner, who has her own dark past with The Widow. A whole new future lies ahead for this team when they agree to work together as an elite black-ops task force and the thrilling, heart-stopping adventures continue.
Please leave comment related to the torrent. Random letters, spam or hax0ring attempts will be deleted along with your account. Be cool, allright?
A Few of our Favourite China Things - You need to keep reminding Internet an belay going puddle, and think to yourself 'I wish I'd brought my giant wellies'? 5- destinations as well as well of ...
When One Man Is Not Enough... Behind every unsatisfied, beautiful woman are dozens of men waiting for their chance to bring her ecstasy. Unhappy with her monotonous sex life with the same man, stunning Hillary Scott learns an important lesson - there's always a replacement!
The file is inaccessible? Use a proxy server. You can find out why and how to use a proxy server here ...
What could be better than continuous and free access to your favorite videos in excellent quality? We give you the opportunity to watch quality Blu-ray films and HD video at any time of day.
All video files can be viewed and downloaded completely free of charge - we are certain that you will surely appreciate them, deservedly, and will be able to enjoy them at a time convenient for you.
If you have any questions, complaints, or suggestions, please send us a message or leave a relevant comment. We will be grateful for any comments and will reply to all of your questions!
The materials published on this site have been offered exclusively for information purposes. Immediately after perusing, you need to delete them and purchase licensed copies.
The best HD video for free! Here you will find new HD videos of different categories. Daily updates from the world of high quality video are available to everyone! You can download HD video without registration and watch it at your convenience!
Published HD video, graphic files and Blu-ray movies are given here only for acquaintance, all rights to them belong to their owners.
Camellia pics wallpaper for mobile & computers. Download free nature wallpapers for screened devices with a click to fit into their backgrounds.
Sea skyline wallpaper for mobile & computers. Download free nature wallpapers for screened devices with a click to fit into their backgrounds.
Nature pictures flowers wallpaper for mobile & computers. Download free nature wallpapers for screened devices with a click to fit into their backgrounds.
Mountain green top wallpaper for mobile & computers. Download free nature wallpapers for screened devices with a click to fit into their backgrounds.
Our deepest desire to provide you HD wallpapers according to your requirements. Our main purpose is your happiness to provide the facility of beautiful and attractive hdwallpappers for your system like a computer and your mobiles. In this modern age, everyone wants to become modern with the age of passage in every field of life like sports, clothing, mobiles and also in wallpapers, Everyone wants to get attractive and beautiful wallpapers to enhance his/her mobile and computer’s beauty. So Hdwallpaper provides beautiful and attractive wallpapers for enhance your computer’s and mobiles' beauty.
It is scientific. It is provided by well-educated doctors. It is safe. It is natural. It looks to correct the underlying cause(s) of your problem. And most important - It works. The chiropractic approach to better health is to remove interferences to your own inborn healing ability.15
Contact us for more information about our services. Our experienced customer service team can help you find just what you need and can advise you on the options.
For many years I have wanted to practice a more holistic medicine. I knew something was missing in my conventional pediatric medical practice. I was writing prescriptions but not taking the whole person into consideration. I grew more and more dissatisfied with medicine…enough so that I sold my practice and went to seminary. After 4 years of ministry I felt this tremendous call to return to medicine, but this time, it had to be in a more holistic way.
I met a homeopathic physician, and what he told me about homeopathy astonished me. I knew I needed to learn more about this amazing scientific system of healing. I searched for a training program that would prepare me for the practice of homeopathy. I flew to Minneapolis monthly for 3 years to attend the Northwestern Academy of Homeopathy… and began my homeopathy practice here in Lakewood in 2000.
It is holistic. In traditional/conventional medicine, each organ system is treated as a part. What we forget to consider is that every time you take a prescription drug or put any substance into your body, there is an effect on the whole body system. That’s why drugs have side effects…those side effects are the effects on the whole system. Every thing is connected to every thing…the cells communicate with each other in an amazing synchronistic and synergistic manner.
Homeopathy is holistic medicine because we are treating diseases as something that affects the whole being…mentally, emotionally and physically.
Each person has his own individual, different, peculiar disease even though they may all have the same diagnosis.
Because, when you study one state of being from the state of being of another, it is different…they may have the same pathological entity like diabetes or hypertension, but the expressions of it will be completely different from one individual to the other. And each one’s individual disease shows its individuality by individualized, peculiar and characteristic symptoms. When you listen to and examine the expressions of each one, it is individual.
Every living being is a unique expression of life. I may see 10 people with the same diagnosis, but each one experiences their disease in their own unique way. This is why the homeopathic consultation is the key to finding the best remedy. We cannot take anything for granted. As a homeopath, I must let go of everything I know about a particular disease, and open myself up to listening deeply to what the person says and how she says it…how much energy does she express by hand gestures. What is her experience of this symptom? How does it impact her life?
There can be no judgment on either the part of the homeopath or the patient. There must be a willingness to go into the seeming mystery of what the core issues are that have caused this particular distunement of the vital energy to lead to this state in this one person. In homeopathy we use the word “distunement” to mean anything that causes an imbalance in the vital energy away from harmony.
That’s why when people call and ask me if I can help them with a particular disease or how many people with this disease have I treated, the answer is simple…the name of the disease doesn’t matter…what is important is YOU who has this condition. We are treating YOU and not the disease. We have to find the homeopathic remedy that best suits YOU and not the disease. Homeopathy has the potential to help anyone with any disease. There may be some life style obstacles that must be overcome, but homeopathy heals at a deep, core level. Homeopathy heals the whole being…mentally, emotionally and physically.
I struggled with an uncommon sleep disorder after a 25 foot fall from a roof. Central sleep apnea is a disorder in which my breathing repeatedly stops and starts nearly 60 tim…
Dr. Joan Sloss is a wonderful therapist. She not only works on your body but educates you about your body and how you can help your progress. She’s honest and trustworthy. I …
I have been going to Dr. Joan Sloss for many years and highly recommend her as a massage therapist. She has gifted hands and knowledge of the body. I’m always amazed how she…
Wanda Bedinghaus is a caring, naturally gifted holistic healer. She has helped me heal my body, my psyche, and my life. She has helped transform latent possibilities within to…
I sought Wanda’s help for my 8-year-old son’s problems with impulsivity control, hyperactivity, and social skills. School had been a nightmare for him. Within 6 months I s…
Woe and calamity. Yes, I got the dreaded Nexus 5X bootloop issue a couple of weeks back. Having thrown my phone in the freezer (inside a zip...
Hello, I'm Agnes from Poland, Warsaw. I'm 54. I was on this forum several years ago. I read all Eckhart's books, his teachings and pointers help me every second since. I suffer from emotional problems (nevermind the etiquette , doctors and my therapist differ in opinions). I ceased taking tranquilizers for several years, now I'm unfortunately back on them but I intend to wean off of them as soon as possible. I'm happy to be here again and read you all as an inspiration for my recovery
"Miss Kelly, perhaps you'd like this flower. I seem to have misplaced my buttonhole ... Miss Kelly, you know, when you wear my flower you make it look beautiful." Elwood P. Dowd
"Be sincere; don't ask questions out of mere interest. Ask dangerous questions—the ones whose answers could change your life."
In this category please do not start new topics that aren't directly related to Awakening / Spiritual Enlightenment / Truth-Realization.
Through the German poet and philosopher, historian and playwright, Friedrich von Schiller, 1759–1805, the following message of hope was given to our world in troubled times. Its German title is ‘Hoffnung’ – hope. Two different versions of it are presented here. The first one is a masterly translation by a very special friend of mine, who wishes to remain nameless.
The second translation is the work of my inner teacher and Highest Self. It’s how I imagine Schiller would write his poem if he were here with us and writing it, now.
Aquarius is the sign of group consciousness and humanitarian pursuits, of technological and scientific progress, as well as of hopes and dreams. In the Age of Aquarius humankind’s highest hopes, aspirations and dreams will find fulfilment for those who have achieved self-mastery. Hand in hand with the Angels and Me you yourselves are going to create the ideal world of your dreams during this age. It will come about through ever more of you becoming aware of your true nature and acting in keeping with the spiritual knowledge you are finding.
The time is closer than you may think when everybody unflinchingly will give of their best to the whole and take out only what they need. In this way hunger and thirst or any other kind of want and suffering will gradually become unknown on your planet. You will no longer insist on amassing too many worldly possessions, because by then you will know only too well what an encumbrance they in truth are. They tie you like leaden weights to your present existence and stop you from growing the spiritual wings you require for the fulfilling of your highest potential in grounding your greatest spiritual aspirations and creative/artistic accomplishments on the Earth plane. They will be your contribution towards making your world into an ever more beautiful, peaceful and harmonious one. Can you see what a magnificent new world is waiting for you?
Know that no matter what may ever come to pass for you and your world, you will always be safe. At all times there will be a happy ending – if not in this lifetime, then in another or maybe another one still. Everything that happens is part of My great plan for all life, and nothing has ever taken place in your world or any other against My will. All is well and rests securely in My loving hands and so it shall be forever and ever. No harm can ever come to the true and eternal part of any one of you. Therefore, rest safely in My love and nurture your souls, My beloved children of the Earth, by following My guidance from deep within you, for that is where every soul’s very own special key to eternity is hidden.
I bless you, your world and all life in it. My blessings are for each and every one of you, during these difficult times of transformation and transition from one age to another. You and your world have always rested securely in My loving hands. Rest assured that this will continue without interruptions and that the lessons in your present school of life are unfolding exactly the way they should and in accordance with My plan.
None of you has anything to fear, as the Angels and I will always be with you. We are familiar with your struggles, but no matter what tests and trials may still have to be endured by you, put your trust in us and venture forth courageously, safe in the knowledge that we shall always be there to guide and protect you in all your endeavours. Never forget that we are in charge and that no-one and no force in the whole of Creation ever took the reins from My hands, least of all one of you, My beloved children of the Earth. All is well with you, your world and all worlds – and forever will be.
For as long as the intention behind our earthly efforts is a good one and we act with love from our heart and do our best, everything will always be well, and God and the Angels happy to do the rest. The Universal laws ensure that when we send our best into our world – and all worlds, for that matter – nothing but the best can come back to us. Any bread cast upon the waters of life does return, and any love that is ever given to anyone does the same, though not necessarily through the people we once gave it to. In fact, this hardly ever is the case. The likelihood is that it will come back to us at times when our need is greatest and when we least expect it. It can and does happen in quite magical ways with help suddenly appearing in the form of kind and loving hearts and hands that are reaching out to us, to comfort and hold.
After particularly traumatic and difficult times and events in our lives, we may have lost all faith in the innate goodness of people and life. However, experiencing in one’s own life that there are some truly kind people around who genuinely have our best at heart goes a long way towards restoring our lost trust. To teach us this lesson could have been the very reason why the situation that made us struggle arose in the first place. I for one am grateful to the Universe for having created opportunities from which I have learnt and still am learning that it really is safe to trust that help does come when it is required and that all my true needs are always met. Every soul can only learn from its own experiences that just when one thinks there’s nothing left inside to keep on struggling, out of the darkness from somewhere there comes a small light and new hope – and somehow life continues.
Difficult situations on all levels are necessary and vital in every life. They are steps on our evolutionary journey that in the end takes each one of us back home into the awareness of our true nature. So, let us not begrudge our tribulations but on the level of our soul and spirit rejoice that they have been created in our lives by the loving presence and the great wisdom of the Divine, not only for each one of us personally, but also nationally and internationally. Opportunities are thus created from which all must learn first hand how to work with the powers of the light and the love of the Universal Christ, the highest and brightest Star in the whole of Creation. Sticking our toes into the waters of life and trying and testing situations for ourselves presents all human souls with valuable evidence of how the power of the Great Universal love works and how it influences all life.
No matter what may ever befall us and our world on the physical plane of life, I do believe that both will go on forever and that miracles are happening at all times. It’s just that mostly we fail to perceive the miraculous ways of the Universe for what they truly are, namely the handiwork of God and the Angels. Ceaselessly, they are working behind the scenes of life to put things right again and heal people and situations when something has gone awry. The more we endeavour to be true to our real self and express the essence of our being, love, in every one of our thoughts, words and actions, the more miracles manifest themselves in our lives, because our human heart has then reunited itself with the great love of the Divine.
The legend of the Master Jesus demonstrates how, when the energies of Heaven and Earth merge into each other, a force of such magnitude is created that it is capable of healing all conditions of mind, body, spirit and soul. This is the power that can quite literally move mountains of faith, remove blockages of trust and make all crooked corners straight. It brings comfort and healing to everything that is in our world to wherever there is pain and suffering. Miracles are the Universe’s way of demonstrating to humankind the unlimited power of Its love. This is the healing balm and the panacea that needs to be applied by us earthlings to all situations in our everyday lives, all our relationships as well as to all national and international issues.
Let us stop and reflect for a moment on the wisdom of the Great Architect of life. The Universe is infinitely wise in its giving. Yet, it is even wiser in its taking. If we had never encountered the warped side of our lives and our world, we would not have been able to differentiate between good and bad, and that which desirable and undesirable. If we had never been wounded, we would appreciate what healing is like. We cannot know light, unless we have first experienced darkness. Only through the lack or loss of something or someone can we truly learn how to value what we had and also that which we are going to have, when periods of suffering finally lie behind us, as they invariable do in the end.
Such is life on the Earth plane! It has to be this way because that is how it was designed for us by our Father/Mother Creator. Who would we be to argue with Its wisdom? Take heart though – growing in understanding through difficult and traumatic experiences, the way it is required from us on the present level of our existence, is not going to continue indefinitely. All life is constantly evolving and moving forwards and upwards on a never ending spiral. When we, individually and as a race, have become sufficiently evolved, so that Earth life has nothing left to teach us, we shall be ready to move on to more advanced schooling on the higher and ultimately highest levels of life.
From the evolutionary level many have reached by now, it is not difficult to see that it was quite intentional that for a long period in the history of humankind we had to live in a one-dimensional world that was filled with inexplicable dualities and false beliefs that were created through not understanding our true nature. Part of this was that we should believe that we are either a woman or a man, and that this earthly life is all there is to our existence. Such beliefs were good enough for the lifetimes of our spiritual infancy and childhood.
By now ever more of us are maturing into spiritual adulthood and ready to find out that life is an ever ongoing process, that the essence of everyone’s being is spirit and soul, and because they are part of God, they are immortal and eternal, the same as our Creator, the Great Father/Mother of all life. The law of life is evolution and we ourselves are responsible for everything that is in our lives, good, band and indifferent alike. The world of spirit is our true home. That’s where we come from at the beginning of each new lifetime and return to at the end of it. And together with the wise ones of the spirit realm who are in charge of the spiritual development of us and our world, when we are good and ready for another earthly lifetime, we ourselves choose what special lessons our next one should consist of.
An important part of our evolution has been that we should become aware that each one of us in their own right is an individual and independent being who, at first only in seed form, contains everyone of the qualities and powers that are in God. This means that we are both feminine and masculine. To assist our character with developing into a well balanced one, before entering into yet another lifetime as earthlings we choose whether this time round we would like to appear in the outer physical shell of a woman or a man. This ensures in the course of many lifetimes, everybody gathers first hand experiences of both aspects of life.
The way I understand this life is that we once willingly gave up our immortality – oh, perish the thought! We did it because that is what the infinite love and wisdom of our Creator wanted us to do. To ensure that everybody’s needs would always be met, it was decided that Angels and Masters as well as other spirit guides and helpers should always accompany us. It’s their responsibility to see to it that all earthly lessons are learnt thoroughly and that none of us throws their earthly existence away too easily, when the going gets rough.
To help us descended ever deeper into our role as earthlings, it was necessary to create the illusion that we are separate from our Creator, even though nothing could be further from the truth. As we left the state of conscious oneness with God, known as paradise, we started to believe that we are separate from Him/Her. In the course of many lifetimes, we eventually wound up unaware that this belief is a false one that we ourselves created. Alas, many to this day are still holding onto it.
If we knew what we have been up to in past lifetimes, it would frequently be impossible to live with ourselves. That’s why the Universe in its great wisdom protects us by hiding these memories behind something that is known as the veil of consciousness from our conscious knowledge. They are stored in our soul, the memory bank of our spirit. Our reactions to every one of our daily encounters are mostly unconscious responses that are based on the learning we brought with us from previous lifetimes. For a long time, the only way of gaining access to these memories has been through our subconscious, but this too is changing.
For good and wise purposes a veil also has been shielding us against the knowledge that we regularly spend periods after each earthly lifetime in the world of spirit, where we rest and recuperate from strains and stresses of our earthly existence. The good news is that for some time this veil has been in the process of lifting and dissolving. Having fulfilled its intended purpose, it will soon be gone for good, as decreed by God’s great plan of life.
‘These are the days of miracles and wonders. These are the days of the long distance call,’ Paul Simon told us in his album ‘Under African Sky’. Prophetic words, especially when one applies them to the changes that are presently taking place in us and our world. Don’t you think it is miraculous that humankind’s long distance call should be turning out to be a surprisingly short one, namely everybody’s own inner reconnection with the living God Self within? Even though I always have been and will remain highly sceptical when claims of miracles and wonders are made, I do believe with all my heart and soul they are happening in our world at all times, regardless of the fact that most of the time we are too blind to recognise them.
To give me a taste of what can and indeed does happen, there have been incidents in my life that have shown me the nature of miracles from a different perspective. I can tell you from my own experiences that some amazing things can and do happen on the healing journey. And I am convinced that on your healing travels you will witness miracles of your own that will change your views about this aspect of life, too. Because with the help and will of God and the Angels all things are possible, start looking forward to them. The closer we work together with them, the more likely it is that miracles shall be worked through and for us and our world, similar to those of the Jesus legend.
The words ‘Greater miracles you shall see!’ gave us the promise of the greatest miracle of all that, in the fullness of time, would take place in us and our world, namely humankind’s spiritual rebirth that for quite some time has been taking place in us and our world. Humankind’s long quest for returning into the conscious awareness of God’s true nature and its own is at last drawing to its natural conclusion. God and the Angels, the Masters and other spirit guides and helpers have always been working exceedingly hard to help us find our way back into the realisation of our true and eternal home. The ever increasing popularity of the spiritualist movement – from which organisations like the White Eagle Lodge grew – is sufficient proof that this is so. We shall return to the theme of White Eagle in the appendix.
For a long time astrology and astronomy were considered to be one. They were only gradually separated in the course of the Western seventeenth century philosophy known as the age of reason, when astrology was rejected. In the later part of the medieval period, astronomy was still treated as the foundation upon which astrology was operating. But during the eighteenth century the two subjects came to be regarded as completely separate. Since then astronomy, the study of objects and phenomena originating beyond the Earth’s atmosphere, has been looked at as a science that is a widely studied academic discipline. In contrast to this many astrologers are treating the positions of celestial objects as the basis for the prediction of future events. As a form of divination and pseudoscience it has no scientific validity.
My kind of astrology is a very different one. It has nothing to do with horoscopes and fortunetelling but is applied psychology. In my view there is no finer instrument for getting to know ourselves. Hand in hand with this goes a considerable expansion of our understanding of the processes of life in general and the way they have always been affecting us and our world, individually and collectively. If one wishes to find a better grasp of just about anything that influences us and our earthly existence on its deepest innermost level, astrology is the best possible tool imaginable. And that’s how I am using astrology throughout my writings.
Life in the whole of Creation is subject to Universal or God’s laws and astrology demonstrates how all things have their allocated place and time and are serving a specific wise and higher purpose. It shows that everything in our own life and that of our world unfolds with the precision of a giant clockwork. These things leave no doubt in my mind that there really is a great plan of life * and that all is well with us and our world, in spite of the fact that it frequently does not look that way. If you follow the link at the end of this chapter, you can see for yourself how it has always been working.
Astrology is sometimes called the Divine science and that indicates that it belongs to the esoteric/spiritual realms and their sciences that form the background not only of our earthly existence, but of all worlds and beings throughout the whole of Creation. Invisible to earthly eyes, the angelic and spirit world behind the scenes of our present existence are ceaselessly toiling to bring everything on this plane into being at the right moment and to maintain it. In my view, astrology represents the higher esoteric wisdom and truth that is hidden behind the surface words astronomers use for the planets of our solar system. This is not unlike the surface words of the Jesus legend, when understood as literally true, and the wisdom that for a long time had to remain hidden behind them. The main difference is that the astronomical aspects really exist while the Master Jesus never did.
Astronomy is the technical earthly aspect that can be seen and observed. For merely scientific orientated people the planets’ names are just words that serve no other purpose than telling one apart from the other. The higher meaning of the planetary energies and the purpose each one of them is serving cannot yet be grasped by those whose minds so far can only comprehend concepts that concern earthly life, i.e. things that can be weighed and measured, touched, smelt and felt. When the time is right for them, these people will also begin to wake up to their true nature and the higher realities of the inner spiritual background of their present existence. Until this happens, they will be unable to perceive signals from our other world and true home. They can only be recognised when someone’s superconscious faculties has at least started to unfold.
Astrology can provide us with signs that there really is a great plan of life and that it has always been unfolding the way it should. Young and inexperienced souls among the scientists of our world know nothing about this. It is hard to grasp for earthly minds and perceptions that there are two types of science. The first is the one that seeks a better understanding of the principles of the processes of the outer physical plane of our earthly existence. The second is the higher esoteric science that serves the same purpose for its inner spiritual background. In truth these two sciences are one and there is no difference between them. I don’t think any scientists will get very far with their explorations for as long as they fail to recognise that there are two levels to humankind’s existence and that the world around us is but a reflection of that which is operating on its inner level. The inner brings the outer into being and without the inner, there would be no outer life.
Irrespective of how much anyone wishes to deny that our earthly existence has a spiritual background, I believe it is there nonetheless and there are many who share my view. The New Testament’s John 1:5 tells us: ‘The Light shines in the darkness, but the darkness cannot understand it.’ The light of the intuitive wisdom and knowledge of the Highest is present in everyone. It’s just that for a long time it remains hidden from our view, like buried under some kind of boulder. Through the experiences of many lifetimes this obstacle is gradually removed, so that the inner light in the form of ever increasing understanding can slowly begin to flow and lighten the earthly self’s darkness.
Back to astrology and why it is called the Divine science. In my view, astrology undoubtedly belongs to the realms of the esoteric/spiritual sciences and is part of the dimensions of life that can neither be seen nor measured and weighed. Astrology manifests itself on the outer level in many different forms. Its principles and laws throughout the ages have never changed. The only things about it that did were the interpretations of those who became interested in this intriguing branch of science. And it’s good to know that regardless of what people have ever made of anything, no false belief ever had the power to destroy the truth. In due course the former is shed and the latter becomes known to ever more of us. Naturally, this also applies to the many religious tales and legends our world has seen through the ages.
Astrology is an intuitive science as well as an artform. It consists mostly of intuitive knowledge and that is the kind that can only be given by our inner teacher, i.e. in-tuition, the wise one or living God within. To me, astrology is a gift from the Highest, the same as everything that is in our world and anywhere else in the whole of Creation. It therefore deserves to be treated with reverence, respect and gratitude and that also applies to astrology. Its basics can be taught like any other subject and just like them, the Divine science can be used either for wise and higher purposes or for negative and lower ones.
This is where freedom of choice comes into play. At all times it is up to us to choose which way we want to go. My choice was made a long time ago, it must have been all of thirty years, when the wise one within me gave me the first glimpses of astrology’s true meaning and higher purpose. The result is before you in the form of my writings. They have grown, and are still continuing to do so, into a unique travelogue of the miracles and wonders I keep on discovering along the road of my own healing journey. I won’t bore you with details, but it has been and still is an extremely demanding one.
To me, it will always remain a wonder and a miracle how the Universe through astrology willingly discloses ever more of its secrets to me. I find it endlessly fascinating and awesome, in the original meaning of the word, how riddles and puzzles of Cosmic proportions can in this way be unravelled intuitively. And it will never cease to amaze me with what kindness and generosity the Universal Forces are disclosing ever more of what must have been its deepest innermost secrets in order to show us that there really is nothing to fear for us earthlings.
If that sounds good to you, take my hand, metaphorically speaking, and walk with me through my writings. Come and see whether any of my truth could also become part of yours. Whenever you find something that does, do not forget to share it with as many as possible, so their truth can also increase.
Through the Icarus legend the Angels brought our world a signal that the time for our race’s homecoming was approaching, that some day we would although this event at that time was still a long way off. But there is no doubt in my mind that the time is right now and we are definitely going home! The whole of the Icarus tale since its first appearance has been and still is an allegory for humankind’s early earthly education, so to speak the nursery classes. But now ever more of us are on their home-run and in the final phases of their earthly spiritual education.
The age-old dream of flying is finally becoming a reality in many different ways. On the outer level of life the technological developments of the Aquarian Age have already brought us great advances in means of air-transport. But things are getting to be a great deal more exhilarating still when it comes to taking to our spiritual wings. None of any of the things we are experiencing now could have been imagined in bygone ages, not even in our wildest dreams, for example during lifetimes we spent in the civilisations of ancient Greece, when the Icarus legend was introduced.
Through the Angels the wisdom and love of the Great Father/Mother of all life gave us the Icarus legend, as well as every other religious teaching that ever saw the light of our world. To me, the esoteric meaning of the Icarus story is especially designed to strike a warning note about being careful when attempting to get away from our earthly existence. Successfully, that is of lasting value this can only be done through growing spiritual wings, i.e. finding knowledge that allows us to lift ourselves above Earth’s conditions, so we can recognise the greater picture of life.
The wings of Icarus represent the spiritual wisdom that up to date have been and still are provided by the religions of our world. Their flying devices are of such a delicate and fragile nature and can so easily be damaged and destroyed that anybody with a bit of common sense can see that they are unsuitable for serious flying. When one has tried all these appliances and found each one of them failing, in the end there is nothing for it but going in search of a pair of wings that can be relied upon utterly. They grow quite naturally when our knowledge is based on God’s wisdom and truth behind the world of the old teachings. Such wings are solid and strong, powerful enough to lift not only ourselves but also our whole world into the loving heart and hands of God and the ministering Angels.
During our prayers for forgiveness and healing for our whole planet and everything that shares it with us, there is no need to ask for the same for us, because when all life is healing, we cannot help doing the same. If healing is what our heart truly desires, our wish will not be denied, especially because this is part of the Great Architect’s plan at present. Each one of us is required to grow their own wings and when we learn to fly on the wings of God’s wisdom and truth, we shall find that nothing can harm or destroy them.
What could be more powerful and reliable than knowledge that has flown directly from the God consciousness of the Universe into ours, for lifting ourselves above the Earth plane and its concerns, to perceive the magnificence and wonders of the higher and highest realms – our true home? Every time we think we have discovered another part of God’s wisdom and truth, our inner guidance needs to confirm that this is so.
The Angels have always communicated with humankind in metaphors and symbolisms. In times long past, the easiest way of explaining spiritual concepts was with the help of things people were familiar with and whose importance they understood, for example someone trying to fly. That’s why when one starts to look for the hidden meanings of the legends of our world, even or maybe especially the most ancient ones, it is astonishing how much they can tell us about us and our world. Naturally, this principle also applies to the sacred texts of all the belief systems our world had ever known, up to a certain point in our spiritual development.
Nothing happens without a reason and this is no exception. And there is a wise motive for the fact that this changed with the appearance of new religions, who decreed that their teachings had to be taken literally. The higher purpose of more than two thousand years of lying, cheating and deceptions – of the self and others – of the Piscean Age has been to teach our world the value of honesty and truth, loyalty and integrity, which are of the greatest importance to us as children of the Highest.
There are signs that these qualities are slowly but surely returning to our world, now that the Age of Aquarius, the age of truth, is with us. Peace will come to our world when the last residues of the Piscean Age have been cleared away, in the not too distant future. When everybody understands that nothing can remain hidden forever and that in truth nobody ever gets away with anything, there will be no point in anyone attempting dishonesties of whatever kind.
These are the days of miracles and wonders, when nothing remains hidden for too long. The bribery and corruption scandal, which blew up around FIFA, the world football organisation, at the time of writing this at the end of May 2015, is as good an example as any of the energies which are presently affecting our world. Alas, it is but one of the latest revelations in the series of disgraces we have been hearing about in connection with large organisations and their managements.
We are currently taking part in a big time clearing-out and cleansing process of our world. It started with the churches when Pluto was transiting Sagittarius and continued with large institutions like banks, when the planet moved into Capricorn. I don’t believe that the football eruption is the last one we shall see. Isn’t it the highest time that people realised what is happening in our world and see the writing that is so clearly on the wall? Overcome with greed and lust for power, which their ill-gotten gain can buy them, they probably think: ‘It won’t happen to me! I am much cleverer!’ And yet, and yet . . .
How long will it take until the last earthling understands that God is part of us by day and night. His/Her all-seeing eyes are constantly with each and every one of us and therefore witnesses everything that happens anywhere. Nothing escapes His/Her notice. So many of the present events of our world do not leave any doubt in my mind that the Age of Aquarius, the age of truth and honesty, loyalty and integrity really is with us and that these qualities are beginning to be known again and increasingly valued and cherished by many. Hallelujah! Truly, truly, I say to you: ‘And all of this is happening because now we are flying on the wings of God’s sacred wisdom and truth!’
As this is such a critical phase in the development of our world, it feels right to present this letter again from time to time. The Old Testament’s book of Hosea goes back to the eighth century B.C. In 8:7 it sent an early warning note into the heart of humankind about the spiritual implications of all warmongering: ‘They have sown the wind and they have reaped the whirlwind. It has no stalk, nor an ear to yield meal, and if it were to yield, the strangers shall eat it.’ This teaching has not just one but two hidden esoteric meanings. In the first place the teaching is a reference to the law of Karma or cause and effect, which ensures that whatever we send out into our world returns to us. But that’s by no means all there is to it.
In keeping with the Universal laws the force of whatever any one of us creates in earthly life with the help of our thought processes and the actions that follow our thoughts, on their way out and on the return journey to us our thoughts join either the Universe’s negative and destructive thought stream or the positive and creative one. In both of them ever more thoughts of the same nature are constantly gathering. Through this all thoughts together are relentlessly increasing in strength and gathering ever more momentum on their way back to their senders. Clearly, taking charge of our thought processes and learning to control them is everybody’s most urgent task. Constant practice alone can help us to become its masters instead of being its servants.
May the orgies of destruction during World War II of places like Berlin, Leipzig, Chemnitz and Dresden – in particular on February 13 and 15, 1945 – serve as a reminder of how Germany, because it sowed the wind of war, could not escape the consequences of its actions. Universal justice worked through the Allies and ensured that the civilian population had to reap the bitter harvest of what our politicians had sown. The historian Frederick Taylor wrote about the destruction of Dresden: ‘It has an epically tragic quality to it. Dresden was a wonderfully beautiful city, a symbol of baroque humanism and all that was best in Germany. It also contained much of the worst from Germany during the Nazi period. In that sense it is an exemplary tragedy for the horrors of twentieth century warfare.’
Let this be a warning to those who to this day are walking on the warpath. We need to consider that with any event on the Earth plane there is always more than can be seen by our earthly eyes. The world around us is a reflection and an outer expression of the inner realities of life. No matter what happens in the world around us, we do well to remind ourselves that all manmade and natural disasters that have ever befallen our world were caused by us. Only then can the Universal justice of the law of Karma return anything to us. How can we as individuals counteract this and do our share of restoring the balance of our world? A great deal could be achieved if those who are reading this in their prayers and meditations asked for the radiance of the Goddess’s wisdom to flow from the Highest Star into the hearts and souls of the political, business and spiritual leaders of our world, to help them with their awakening.
Every war our world has ever seen has been proof of the fact that one fire cannot extinguished by another. All this can achieve is creating more of the same. Humankind’s long history of warfare is a clear demonstration of how the Universal laws saw to it that the destructive forces of war always did indeed return to us and our world. They did this with a force that time and again had multiplied. The destructiveness and callousness of the two World Wars bear witness of this. During the review of this chapter, at the beginning of September 2013, the warmongers in our midst are again flexing the muscles of their ever more sophisticated war machinery, rearing to have yet another go.
Have we, as a race, not learnt anything from the mistakes of the past? Are the people in charge blind to the spiritual background of our earthly existence and the Universal laws that govern all life in the whole of Creation? Or are they merely pretending not to know that we are responsible for every one of our thoughts, words and actions, sticking their heads into the sand in ostrich fashion? Independent of whether their intentions are good or evil, every action causes a reaction, and every bit of what anyone sends out into our world can do nothing but return to its sender and that with constantly increasing strength. Love is the law of life and pretending blindness is an even greater transgression against this law than mere ignorance.
All spiritual talents the Universe bestows upon each one of us are meant to be used first for our own healing and subsequently for around us who is in need of them. As soon as the Universe grants one of us the gift of clear vision, that soul becomes capable of seeing into the innermost centre and beginning of all life, and what it is like to at one with the Great White Spirit, Father/Mother of all life. Once this contact is made, if only for a brief moment, that soul opens as a channel through which God’s creative power and light can flow and act like a small spring of clear and life-giving water for all life.
Every spiritual development has the potential of one day growing into a mighty flowing river that has its beginnings in the above described spring in human hearts. Bubbling from the Earth plane and trickling down the hillside, it grows broader and ever stronger and faster flowing, until it has become a great river in its own right that constantly pours itself with all its might into the vast ocean of life. Each one of these rivers makes a valuable contribution towards sweeping away the debris of prejudices, false beliefs and superstitions that to this day clutter the consciousness of our world, as described in the eleventh labour of Hercules.
O Great Father/Mother of all life, please grant us the gift of Your wisdom and help us find ever better ways of dealing with crises like the present one in Syria. Hand in hand with the Angels and You, we lift all warmongering tendencies that to this day dwell in human hearts and the energies they create into the temple of healing in the heart of the Christ Star. With Your will and in accordance with Your wishes, may they be uplifted and transmuted into blessing and healing energies for all life, so that peace and harmony may be restored in the heart and mind of humankind and our whole world, at last. In the name of love we ask this. Amen
May the Angels of Healing and Peace be with us and our world, to protect, guide and show us the way, now and forever.
‘All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing,’ said Edmund Burke 1729 - 1797, Irish orator, philosopher and politician. How right he was, but at the present stage of our race’s spiritual development being a good person is no longer as simple as it was in Burke’s time.
To this day people who really are good at heart, but as yet unawakened to their true nature and the effect the Universal Laws have on all life and lifeforms throughout the whole of Creation, may well respond to terrorist actions by demanding that aircraft should be sent to bomb a place. This is done in the hope that some of the terrorists will be wiped out together with the unfortunate civilians who are getting in the way of their thirst for revenge, men, women and children, young and old alike.
This aligns those who agree with such actions to the forces of darkness, the same side the terrorists are on. These two parties between them are creating ever more negative and destructive Karma for themselves, their country and our whole world. Every bit of it adds to the great mass that with the passing of time has already piled up and waiting to be redeemed by each one of us individually and collectively all of us together. Is that what YOU want?
Good and awakened people, in contrast to those mentioned above, align themselves to the forces of Light and tune into the White Healing Magic of the Universe. They seek the help of the Universal Christ Spirit and Its Angels and focus their whole being on the love and power of the Highest Star and the Brightest Light, the Sun of all Suns, the Christ Star. Wise ones project Its radiance into the hearts and souls of all who are involved in any kind of conflict, on both sides of the fence. They pray that the Divine seed in all human hearts stirs from its slumber, so that the Christ child, promised since the days of yore, be born in the realities of Earth life in all human hearts. Through this even the last one of us will eventually become aware of their true nature and the higher purpose and meaning of their earthly existence.
Never forget that the Universe has granted all of us the gift of choice. For the first time in the known history of humankind we are allowed to have our say and make a conscious decision to which side of any ongoing conflict we wish to belong. Freedom of choice is a right and we need to become aware that every right automatically brings with it a duty, which in this case means we must choose. Let’s take care to do so wisely.
God’s nature and our own is one of duality. Yin and Yang, masculine and feminine, highest and lowest, Heaven and Earth and so forth. The world around us reflects these dualities and polarities. It is a realm of ideas and every one of them has a lower and higher, positive and negative aspect, and can be used for good or evil purposes. The choice is ours which side we would like to align ourselves to. Learning about the abuse of the idea of brotherhood – I prefer the words kinship or siblinghood, whilst in pursuit of power, has always been part of the equipment used by every regime our world has ever seen, religious and otherwise, at least during the history that is known to us. It is used by the countries and organisations that to this day attempt – and in many cases so far succeed – to suppress the natural and God-given rights and privileges of their siblings in the great family of humankind.
The centuries old struggle between Christianity and Islam has always been but one of the many expressions of this struggle. Yet, even this can only continue for as long as the members of the warring factions on both sides remain stuck in the past, unaware. of their true nature and therefore failing to grasp the reason why they are here. There is no doubt in my mind that this too will eventually have run its course and disappear from our world. It will do so with the passing of time when every one of the belief systems that still exists in our world returns to their common spiritual roots, when people become aware of their true nature and their relationship with the Divine. All of us will then realise that in truth there is only one God to whom the various religions have been praying in different ways. There could be no better example for this than Sufism, the seed faith of Islam that comes from the heart and teaches tolerance, love and respect for ourselves, each other and all life. The Sufis are the Gnostics of the Islamic world.
We are all in this wonderful school of life together, so that we may act both as teachers and pupils to each other. For this purpose some of us, at any given time, may find themselves at the giving and others at the receiving end of every type of experience. Good, bad and indifferent ones alike, each one is only there to teach us something. That is the only way every soul can imbibe the lessons it requires on its evolutionary pathway back home into the awareness of its true reality and the oneness with God.
The teacher/pupil principle is also true for those who to this day are doing their utmost to lead us and our world down the slippery slope of warmongering and evil. Whether someone is as yet aware of this or not, all evil deeds create alliances with the dark forces of the Universe and are in fact black magic practises. The sole purpose of these experiences is to help us and our world to differentiate between darkness and light, good and evil. The lessons of evil have to be absorbed as thoroughly by each one of us as the ones of good. Only by each one of us personally wading through the suffering that is created by evil can every individual soul and the soul of our world reach the bottom of the pit of evil.
Not until we have learnt our lesson and in our desperation at last turn to God and the Angels to ask for their assistance, are they willing to show us how to find the turning point of our development. In the end all human souls through their own experiences have to reach the bottom of the evolutionary spiral of life. Only then can they begin to move in an upwards direction that consist of experiencing the polar opposite of evil in the compassion, tolerance and kindness of Universal love, again at the giving and the receiving end.
The zodiac with its opposing signs and houses and their energies clearly depicts every soul’s evolutionary pathway through life. It is a spiral that first takes us down to experience and become familiar with the negative aspects of each sign and then gradually upwards so that we can make their higher and highest qualities our own. The zodiac is a symbol of the wheel of life or fortune. Round and round we go on this wheel, one lifetime after another. The negative Karma accrued on the downwards slope has to be made good and redeemed on the upwards one, until the balance of our spiritual account in the great book of life has been restored. That in a nutshell is the road from sinner to sainthood, which every soul on its evolutionary pathway is constantly travelling.
And when the going gets too touch, anyone who reaches out for the blessing and healing hands of God and the Angels and prays for their assistance, does receive it. Our pleas align us to the Universal forces of goodness and light. When we respond in the right way to what the Highest are bringing us, with the passing of time we evolve into ever more capable channels of light who can act as lightbringers and healers for our whole world. We become valuable instruments in the hands of the Divine forces, and when they work through us we are taking part in and practising white magic. As increasing amounts of spiritual wisdom and understanding flow through us onto the Earth plane and ever more of those around us are waking up to their true nature, they too begin to feel drawn quite naturally into the energies of the higher stream of life.
That is how down the ages every individual consciousness and that of our world has slowly but surely been expanding and growing. It is a process that will continue until every last shred of darkness and evil in our world has been dissolved, uplifted and transmuted by the forces of goodness and light into blessing, healing and harmonising energies for all. And when finally every one of us on the Earth plane is operating on the same positive wavelength, peace and goodwill to all life will once more reign.
All of us together are responsible not only for our own development but also for that of our world. The right way of making a valid contribution towards achieving this state of affairs is by living not merely to enjoy ourselves, but for the beautification and benefit of our planet. Even the smallest of efforts in that direction by any one of us moves the spiritual evolution of the whole of Creation forwards and upwards. Every individual can do a great deal to help the highest forces with their work of raising the vibrations of our whole planet and all its inhabitants.
As aspiring lightbringers and healers we know that humankind, individually and collectively, has never struggled up the evolutionary spiral of life on its own. It is our task to draw the attention of ever more of those around us to this facts, so they too become aware of the spiritual powers that are constantly toiling on our race’s behalf behind the scenes of earthly life. When we make an effort to think and act in positive and constructive ways only, we are living as a good example that others may wish to follow. At the same time this is a way of training our spiritual listening to the words of power and love, wisdom and truth which the Highest Forces of life are broadcasting ever more forcefully into the consciousness of our world.
Finding our way back into the conscious awareness on all levels of our being that all life is one and that everything is in siblinghood and relationship with everything else in the whole of Creation, including the Great White Spirit, Father/Mother of all life, is the whole purpose of every soul’s earthly existence. This means shedding our sense of separateness and returning into the conscious awareness of our wholeness and at-one-ment with all life. That is the ultimate aim for all human souls which gains us access to the realm of white magic. When we finally are in complete harmony and siblinghood with all life and the love in our heart for our Creator and all life has become great enough, all power and life on the Earth and its surrounding spheres can use us. And we shall then be able to make wise, respectful and sensible use of the white magic.
The following is the essence of three items from ‘There shall be Light!’ Stella Polaris Vol. 46:5: ‘The seeds of the siblinghood with all life that knows nothing but love is in every one of you. Do not look on the outer level of life for love but within and become more loving yourself. You are a dynamic being who can only attract that which you are yourself. The world around you is a mirror of what is happening within. So, whenever you want to change something in your world, first take a deep and utterly honest look into the mirror of the self. Each one of you has to do this for themselves because you can only recognise yourself by your reflection.
‘Never forget that each one of you has the best as well as the worst within. When you observe the ugly and painful things that are happening in your world, feelings of compassion and humility with all involved arise in you and you feel the need to pray for a purification of your own soul and that of your world to take all of you closer to God. The desire for loving and forgiving rather than hurting, criticising and resenting awaken in you. Please don’t ever think: ‘Oh, that’s too much for me!’ The only thing we ask of you is to simply keep on trying day by day. Every time you look into the mirror honestly and quietly affirm: ‘I am God’s child and I seek to obey the law of love, God’s law.’
‘The whole of Creation contains two aspects, a negative one and its positive counterpart, that which is good. This part is all love and with the passing of time absorbs what is known as evil in your world into itself and creates more good from it. God is omnipotent, omniscient and omnipresent and humankind lives in Its heart and although many find it hard to accept that good and bad alike are within our Creator’s power. Both aspects have their origin in the life of God and proceed from there.
‘You need to know that that which is evil and ugly in your world and anywhere else is the unevolved and undeveloped part of life. All the powers that are in God are also in you. That is why when your Highest Self first starts building itself an earthly counterpart, it has to start at the lowest point, just the same as the Universal intelligence of the Almighty, whose spark you are, has to do when creating anything. The same applies to every field of human endeavour, be it the ability to conduct satisfying and rewarding personal relationships, or being successful professionally, artistically as well as spiritually. There are no shortcuts. In each case you have to start with the bottom step of the ladder, slowly and patiently working your way up to beauty and perfection.
‘Everything that to this day leaves much to be desired in your world is part of humankind’s lower earthly nature in its slowly evolving state. Evil is a consuming and destructive force. It’s a fire that first tests and tries humankind’s mettle to its utmost. Later on it is absorbed by the individual and collective development of the Christ nature. The Christ fire consumes everything that is no longer of any use and transforms it into something good. During the later stages of your development, when the thoughts, words and actions you in your ignorance of what is at stake once sent into the world return to you, the result tests and tries your whole being frequently to breaking point. The suffering endured pays the karmic debts that were incurred earlier.
‘By the time you have recovered, you have become thoroughly familiar with the nature of suffering. Your higher nature is awakening from its slumber and your heart fills with love and compassion whenever you see someone in distress. You have come to admire the people who happily share their talents with anyone who is in need of them and the work they are doing. Like them you want to become a useful member of society and assist those who are suffering the way you once did. With this the healer’s pathway is opening before you. As Elisabeth Kübler-Ross put it: ‘The most beautiful people are those who have experienced defeat, suffering, struggle and loss and have found their way out of the depths. These people have an appreciation, a sensitivity and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness and a deep loving concern. Such things do not just happen, they can only grow from within.’
‘With the awakening of the good and higher aspects of your nature, the Christ Spirit, the process of absorbing the ugly and evil parts of your lower earthly self begins. As this happens in ever more of you, with the passing of time all evil will eventually vanish from your world. And that is the only way Christ can become the saviour and redeemer of you and ultimately your whole world. Many believe that by attacking evil they can do their share of getting rid of it. But when you have become aware of God’s true nature and your own, you know that this is not the right course of action and that the best you can do to dissolve any kind of evil is by radiating the light of the Christ Star into the distressed people and areas of your world.
‘Those who view evil from the perspective we are bringing here, will have no difficulties recognising the wise higher purpose it fulfils in earthly life to this day. We, your friends and helpers in the world of light, have walked this way before you. We understand your difficulties only too well. That’s why we are volunteering to light the road every human soul must travel. We are trying to help you overcome the darkness of earthly life by showing how each one of you has to make their contribution towards absorbing it into the Christ light of love and compassion, wisdom and truth which, if only in seed form, is in every one of you. One of these days you may wish to join us and assist those you have left behind and who are still struggling in the darkness of earthly life.
‘Good or white magic is performed with the knowledge and assistance of the Angels of Light. This ritual is carried out by people who work from their heart centre and with the highest intentions. Because they love those around them, they do not try to impose their own will upon them. Seeking nothing for themselves, they work unselfishly for the good of all. Many groups who work with the White Light will spring up all over the Earth in the days to come. Working in them allies the server with the Forces of Light and requires a spirit that is dedicated to selfless service.
‘Those who insist on working entirely for themselves, wishing to draw everything to themselves and imposing their will upon others, form an alliance with the negative forces. Awakened ones have no thoughts of themselves. Their only desire is to give love and light, to bless and raise all God’s children to a Higher state of consciousness. They give without reservations, from their loving hearts. Such selfless giving distinguishes the white from the dark magic.’
Hosea 8:7 from the Old Testament attempted to strike an early warning note into human hearts and souls with its: ‘They have sown the wind and they have reaped the whirlwind. It has no stalk, nor an ear to yield meal, and if it were to yield, the strangers shall eat it.’ Looking at the state of our world, one cannot help wondering how many ever paid attention to it.
The Hosea teaching refers to the Universal law of Karma, which decrees that whatever anyone projects out into the world has to return to its sender. But that is by no means all there is to it. The force of that which we create on the Earth plane, through our thought processes and the actions following them, increases and gathers ever more strength and momentum on its way back to us. This demonstrates that humankind’s most urgent need is taking charge of our thought processes, learning to control them instead of being ruled by them. Constant practice alone can help us to become the masters of this aspect of our nature rather than being its servants.
God is as much part of us as we are part of God. On our own we are nothing and cannot create anything. Yet, as co-creators with God – within reason and with the help and the will of God – we can create anything. As living parts of the ever expanding Universal energies, we too are expansive and dynamic beings. This expresses itself in abstract as well as in visible terms, so that given time, all our creations enlarge. This shows in the way we learn. The more we learn the more our consciousness expands. The more we give, the more we receive, and so forth. This principle applies to everything we send out into our world and it is well worth our while to carefully watch every thought, word and action, because we are responsible for each one. Knowing this puts us in charge of our destiny and this is the only way we can take charge and ensure that only the right things return to us.
Whatever we create, for good as well as for evil, more of the same inevitably comes flooding back to us. For example, being loving generates more love; living peacefully brings more peace, whereas war faring returns to us and our world as ever more destructive wars, as the past has clearly shown. Let us not fool ourselves! On the spiritual level of life cheating does not exist and escape from or avoiding the unerring justice of the Universal laws is impossible. The more human souls become aware that God is always with us and that therefore nothing ever gets away from the scrutiny of Its all-seeing eye, the more it is likely that we shall strive to conduct our lives with honesty and integrity. In this way we, each through their own efforts, are capable of changing the course of our own destiny as well as that of individual nations, our whole world and the whole of Creation.
It is not difficult to see how our chances of making some real progress on the evolutionary spiral increase because of all the knowledge we are now allowed access to. It really does set us free to consciously decide which way we wish to travel in future. Further down into darkness and evil or up and ever up back into the light of our true being, at one with our Highest Self, the choice is ours. Becoming aware of our true nature and taking charge of our destiny is an immensely empowering experience, but it also brings us the responsibility of choosing wisely. It’s a great time and energy saver as well, because whenever we are in difficult situations, we no longer look towards others to provide us with the answers to our questions. Instead, we go within and consult with our inner teacher and guide.
As you can see, taking responsibility for everything that is in our life is a wonderfully liberating experience. One cannot help wondering how long it will be until the leaders of our world, business, political and spiritual also grow wise to that. The Universe tests the human soul constantly to establish how much understanding it has thus far developed, and the trials of power are particularly difficult ones. Would that the consciousness of all those who are presently in leading positions throughout our world, wake up to the fact that no-one on the Earth plane has any real power. This would help them to recognise their responsibility for wisely handling any power that has been entrusted to them.
May the orgies of destruction during World War II of places like Berlin, Leipzig, Chemnitz and Dresden – in particular on February 13 and 15, 1945 – serve as a reminder of how Germany, because it sowed the wind of war, could not escape the consequences of its actions. Universal justice worked through the Allies and ensured that we, the civilian population, had to reap the bitter harvest of what our politicians had sown. The historian Frederick Taylor wrote about the destruction of Dresden: ‘It has an epically tragic quality to it. Dresden was a wonderfully beautiful city and a symbol of baroque humanism and all that was best in Germany. It also contained all the worst from Germany during the Nazi period. In that sense it is an absolutely exemplary tragedy for the horrors of twentieth century warfare.’
Let this be a warning to those who to this day are walking on the warpath. We need to consider that with any event on the Earth plane there is always more than can be seen by our earthly eyes. The world around us is a reflection and an outer manifestation of the inner realities of life. No matter what happens in the world around us, we do well to remind ourselves that manmade and natural disasters alike are part of the Universal justice of the law of Karma. How can we as individuals counteract this and do our share of restoring the balance of our world?’ A great deal could be achieved if those who are reading this in their prayers and meditations ask for the radiance of the Goddess’s wisdom to flow from the Highest Star into the hearts and souls of the political, business and spiritual leaders of our world, to help them with their awakening.
Every war our world has ever seen has been proof of the fact that one fire cannot be extinguished by another. All this can achieve is creating more of the same. Humankind’s long history of warfare is a clear demonstration of how the Universal laws saw to it that the destructive forces of war always did indeed return to us and our world. They did this with a force that time and again had multiplied. The destructiveness and callousness of the two World Wars bear witness of this. During the review of this chapter in April 2018, the warmongers in our midst are again flexing the muscles of their ever more sophisticated war machinery, rearing to have yet another go.
As we know by now, thought is the most powerful force in the whole of Creation. Our thoughts create our reality and as we think, so we become. Every thought we send into the Universe goes round in a circle and eventually returns to us in some form. In our ignorance of these things, each one of us has done their share of creating the present state of our world. Wise ones are aware of this and have no problems recognising that they are responsible for the state of our world and that if they wish the Earth to become a more peaceful and pleasant place for all, they have to think of ways of making it so.
Gemini, Libra and Aquarius are the Air signs. All of them serve the development of our earthly minds and each one of them does so in a different way. Aquarius offers many opportunities for attuning the transmitter/receiver station of our earthly minds to the mind of the Highest. Each one of us is destined to evolve into a channel through which the wisdom and truth of the Divine expresses itself and enters our world. Now that the Age of Aquarius is with us, the main attention of our evolutionary development is on this aspect of our nature.
There are two streams of consciousness in our world, a positive and constructive one of light and understanding, as well as a negative, dark and destructive one of fear and distrust. Do you sometimes get a sneaking feeling that our world has become place where only bad news is good news and that the news media, without being aware of what they are doing, are constantly adding to the negative stream? I believe that refusing to give way to taking part in any kind of negativity is of the utmost importance for aspiring healers and lightbringers. Rather than adding to the clouds of darkness and ignorance that surround us and our world by watching and listening to the news, it is our duty to do all we can to counteract the clouds of darkness and do our share of dissolving them.
We are responsible for what we allow our earthly minds to be filled with. I like to know what is happening in our world and therefore listen to the news once or twice each day, rather than every hour and on the hour like the BBC presents them. I pay attention until they deteriorate into what I call ‘the rape and murder cast’. At that moment I exercise my freedom of choice, reach for the ‘off’ button and think to myself: ‘This too is part of the great plan of life and rests in Your loving hands.’ There is no doubt in my mind that’s what it is.
Before opening a newspaper or watching videos on the internet, I remind myself that no-one can force anyone to read or listen to anything. For me this is the best way of protecting my mind against being bombarded with and penetrated by all the negativity our sensationalistic and media-orientated outer world is constantly trying to pump into our individual consciousness and that of the collective.
Whenever I find out that I have been missing something, my friends are happy to tell me whatever is important to them. There is nothing new under the Sun and all the things that are presently taking place in our world are sure to have done so in the past. The trouble with the technological advances of our time is that reports about them can now be served almost instantly to all who are willing to pay attention. The most lurid sensations are the best fillers of air time and sellers of newspapers.
As I prefer quality of information rather than quantity, I switch off. And if you do the same, please do yourself the favour of refusing to indulge in a guilt trip for what you are doing. Instead, be happy and rejoice, because increasing numbers of people round our world are doing the same. Think of how environmentally friendly your behaviour is and give yourself a pat on the back. Reflect on the amounts of energy you are saving in the course of a year and the forests that do not have to be chopped down because of you and all those like-minded souls round the world. Feel good about yourself and the things you are doing to help our planet in its struggle against exploitation of its precious resources through over-consumerism. Let those who are addicted to the news not fool themselves into thinking that this issue is unimportant. It is, because we are all responsible not only for our thoughts and our world, but also – as mentioned earlier – for what we allow our minds to be filled with.
More imperative still is that as awakened ones we set a good example by not dwelling on unpleasant and chaotic conditions in the world around us. Are we not privileged indeed to know that, in spite of whatever may still have to happen, there is a great plan of life and that the reigns for the whole of creation rest safely in the loving hands of the omnipresent, omnipotent and omniscient Father/Mother of all life, the Great White Spirit?
All who once spent some of their lifetimes in the Native American tradition, as many in our midst are likely to have done, know how in those days the Great Spirit was worshipped by all. We were aware then, as we are now, that this is the Source of all being, the One from whom – with the help of the Angels – all blessings of the material plane life are constantly coming forth, including every human life. The One has always been providing us with the spiritual strength and sustenance that was required to learn our earthly lessons and carry out any special assignments that have been allocated to us.
We are part of God as much as God is part of us. The Highest levels of life communicate with us through our intuition. This is known as the living God within, who knows the way of all things and the answers to any question we may ever care to ask. Whenever we do so with our earthly mind, the answer from our spirit mind comes immediately. There is no need to ask anyone else. We do well to practise this constantly, so that slowly but surely our earthly mind knows that our higher spirit self is always there to show us the way in all things and supply us with honest and truthful answers at any given moment.
Throughout the ages there have been people who became inspired without at first being aware of what was happening to them. Speaking and writing intuitively they receive their information without studying books. With the passing of time they found out that all outer manifestations of life are reflections of the realities of their inner counterparts and that this applies to human thinking as much as it does to anything else in the whole of Creation. It is not the physical brain alone that does the thinking, for the simple reason that nothing in earthly life exists and can function on its own.
Without the spiritual forces in its background creating and supporting the physical plane of life there would be nothing. Naturally, this also applies to humankind’s mental capacities. No earthly self on its own could ever bring itself into being. Never mind Earth life, without the help of our Highest spirit Self and our constant companions, the Angels and Masters, friend and helpers in the world of light, there would be no physical life anywhere in the Cosmos. The angelic hierarchy is in charge of the great plan of life and responsible for its smooth running, at all times. They are the ones who bring us into earthly life and place us in the right spots and relationships, so we can attend to our life lessons and fulfil our Karmic obligations.
Some of us developed the ability to act as channels of the Divine in previous lifetimes. They have come into this one to practise and polish this artform to a high sheen by humbly serving the Highest Forces of life. It is likely that they were scribes in far distant lifetimes, who abused their gift for selfish purposes like seeking to dominate people by frightening them out of their wits, so that they could be exploited more readily.
Anyone who took part in such things, and there have been many, by now have learnt their lessons. They are here to nail the desires of their small lower self and its fears to the cross of earthly life by placing them into the hands of the Highest. But because of the suffering they once caused others, they could have a slow, painful and protracted struggle with this aspect of their being on their hands, not as some kind of punishment, but as the redemption of their Karma and to restore the balance of their spiritual account.
You are currently viewing our boards as a guest which gives you limited access to view most discussions and access our other features. By joining our free community you will have access to post topics, communicate privately with other members (PM), respond to polls, upload content and access many other special features. Registration is fast, simple and absolutely free so please, join our community today!
If you have any problems with the registration process or your account login, please contact support.
Also, if you have read this far, we might as well let you know that the REAL action happens in our community section. Join us to find out!
ATTENTION Unregistered - Please take a note of our new Rules and Guidelines for Commercially Involved Members with immediate effect. Feedbacks, suggestions and discussion thread here.
Where To Buy Stone Crusher Machine Complete To Buy . i want to buy a large rock crusher, which machine is the best i want to buy a large rock crusher, ...
Mobile Stone Crusher Machine Price In India - mineral crusher If you want to buy the product, asking price or have any questions, you are ... This mobile stone crusher machine price is a whole production line for stone ...
where to buy stone crusher machine complete to buy. complete complete set of stone crushing machine October, correspondent of UK Complete Stone Crusher Set Park to see in the UK Market, machines roaring, , where to buy stone crusher machine complete to ,If you need more detail about stone crushing machine pls fell free to , a set of VSI crusher ,
used stone crushers Used Stone Crushers. Used Stone Crushers stone crusher machine Menu Skip to contentso users can rest assured to buy, but the quality of these machines compared to the new, much cheaper, our current used stone crusher in
Crushers For Sale - 111 Listings - Page 1 of 5 - Equipment Trader. 111 results We have 111 Crushers For Sale. EquipmentTrader can help you find the
This Stone Crusher Machine is a high quality model that will enhance detail and realism to your rendering projects. The model has a fully textured design that allows for close-up renders, and was originally modeled in 3ds Max 2012 and rendered with V-Ray.
where to buy stone crusher machine complete to buyStone Crusher Machine Price - Alibaba Stone Crusher Machine Price, Wholesale Various High Quality Stone.
Products. stone crusher machine plant in india zenith ; silver plant complete mills and crusher ; complete coal crusher plant for sale in south africa
Crusher,Stone Crusher Machines,Jaw Crusher Plants,Impact Stone ... Welcome to choose and buy. ... zenith Stone Crusher Machinery ... The company has formed a complete production-chain that takes crushers and mills as the...
Complete Crusher plants for saleMobile Crusher Plant, Complete crusher plant The complete Crusher plant is also called crushing plant, and is widely used in the stone quarry, mining crushing, ore crushing, coal .
How much cost to buy a mobile crusher? - Quora. Mar 20, 2016 ... station is an independent unit of work, can complete their respective bear ... How much money can buy mobile crusher in India? ...
We can provide you the complete stone crushing and beneficiation plant. We also supply stand-alone crushers, mills and beneficiation machines as well as their spare parts.
where to buy stone crusher machine where to buy stone crusher machine complete to buy . ... Used Rock Crushing Equipment - Protable Plant . how to make a small rock crushing machine.
Where To Buy Stone Crusher In China: .. china? How can I buy stone crusher in Barbados? Where can I find a suitable rock crusher stone plant in Dynamo? where to buy stone crusher machine complete to buyHome > Mining Industry > where to buy stone crusher machine complete to buy.
buy stone crusher unit 5000 ton per day capacity process. We can provide you the complete stone crushing and ... through a crushing machine to make crushed stone
crusher machine chez republic - raties. in which you can buy cheap stone crusher. . stone crushing plant tph czech republic . tph crusher circuit . used complete crusher for in czech republic and .
where to buy stone crusher machine complete to buy - aatma.co. buy complete crusher plant uae - buying used crusher in uae. Buying Used Crusher In Uae - mineral processing system Machine for sale
Procter & Gamble's My Black is Beautiful Honored With City of Cincinnati Proclamation - Health and Fitness Times
Procter & Gamble (NYSE: PG), today expressed deep appreciation and delight that Mark Mallory, Mayor of Cincinnati, and Ohio State Senator Eric Kearney declared May 21 “My Black is Beautiful Day” in Cincinnati and Ohio. The Proclamations hailed the significant contributions P&G has made in empowering African American women to embrace their beauty, health and wellness through the inspiring My Black is Beautiful initiative.
Celebrating its fourth year, My Black is Beautiful (MBIB), a multi-faceted campaign featuring a national television show now in its second season on BET Networks, has evolved into a nationwide movement designed to ignite and support a sustained national conversation by, for and about African American women and the way they are reflected in popular culture. It also serves as a catalyst for African American women to adopt a new mindset in how they view themselves.
“P&G thanks Mayor Mallory and State Senator Kearney for recognizing our company with this honor,” said Beverly Grant, Vice President, Customer Business Development, P&G, in accepting the Proclamations. “They confirm the important role P&G is playing in fostering a new, uplifting dialogue among African American women and validating positive self images.”
P&G marked the distinction by celebrating “My Black is Beautiful Day” at P&G’s Cincinnati headquarters to extend a big thanks to both employees and civic leaders for supporting the program. Showing support for P&G’s MBIB initiative, community leaders and partners attended from the Cincinnati Chapter of The African American Chamber of Commerce, Greater Cincinnati Urban League, Greater Cincinnati United Way and the Cincinnati Visitors Bureau.
“My Black is Beautiful is a great example of P&G’s commitment to touch and improve the lives of consumers,” said Marc Pritchard, Global Marketing and Brand Building Officer, P&G. The My Black is Beautiful program offers a variety of products, services and entertainment that have been uniquely designed to improve the lives of African American women.”
The Proclamations were delivered during the My Black is Beautiful employee event day where the TV program’s host Tasha Smith and other cast members Kim Coles, Leela James and Alesha Renee and MBIB co-creators and P&G brand managers Kisha Mitchell Williams and Pamela Rhett showcased the My Black is Beautiful campaign and its interactive pop-up beauty spa for senior company leaders, civic leaders and employees.
“We are proud of the support from Mayor Mallory and State Senator Kearney on such an important initiative that seeks to inspire, empower and celebrate African American women,” said Kisha Mitchell Williams, Multicultural Brand Manager, P&G. “We encourage everyone to join and help sustain the national conversation about black beauty, healthy living and positive self images started by the My Black is Beautiful campaign. We want to forever celebrate the diverse and collective beauty of all African American women and are excited to bring My Black is Beautiful home to our colleagues in Cincinnati.”
Several P&G brands sponsor the My Black is Beautiful initiative: Crest Pro-Health®, Pantene®, CoverGirl® Queen Collection, Olay® Definity, Secret®, Always® and Tampax®. My Black is Beautiful involves several elements, including a multi-city interactive consumer event “MBIB Live” with the TV show’s host, actress Tasha Smith and co-hosts singer Leela James, actress/comedian Kim Coles and television personality Alesha Renee. As well as being able to participate in the “live taping” of the TV show, local community members can receive complimentary makeovers provided by P&G’s MBIB-supporting brands in a pop-up salon . The 2010 MBIB campaign will culminate with the sponsorship of the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans in July.
Amazon Price: $12.99 (as of November 7, 2018 2:32 am - Details). Product prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on the Amazon site at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
Healthcare Review is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Search for Samantha Fox Hot Boy free songs mp3 download. You can listen the song in advance before downloading.
The Site provides only links to mp3 files available on the internet and no mp3 files are cached or stored on its server.
Previous PostPiff the Magic Dragon and Mr. Piffles Kick of Breakfast at Piffany's at Rose. Rabbit. Lie.
Carlos Santana and Rod Stewart perform together ahead of their U.S. co-headlining tour that launches May 23. Seen here, the duo joins forces during Rod Stewart’s show at Caesars Palace Tuesday night. Photographer Denise Truscello shared her best photos from the night.
By submitting my information above, I acknowledge that I have reviewed and agreed to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and I agree to receive updates and marketing messages from time to time from Flaming lips and their record label.
Birth Date MonthJanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031
Flash Slideshow Builder creates attractive slideshows with cool 3D slice effects and transitions between Free Flash 8 Gallerys Templates slides. You'll be able to divide your images into any number of pieces and rotate them the way you like! Flash Slideshow Builder uses the Tweener engine, which makes it support several tween types for the transitions, such as Cubic, Bounce or Elastic. Use Flash Slideshow Builder to create content slider, image galleries, image & banner rotator for your website. You don't need to have any professional skills in Flash, HTML, CSS and Javascript. All need files and html code will be generated in Flash Slideshow Builder visual interface for Windows and MAC OS. Just open images in Flash Slideshow Builder program, specify the description and adjust transition properties for each image. Publish the jquery slideshow loader not sync to a local drive or directly to the Internet via a built-in FTP client and add the HTML embed code on your website or blog. As a result you'll have .swf (flash) file that requires an XML configuration file in which the paths to the existing images and settings, necessary for handling those, are defined. You can also define the appearance in terms of font-family, font-style, color, etc. in an external CSS file, making customization really easy.
Flash Slideshow Builder Maker will now include these pictures. Or you can drag the images (folder) to the Flash Slideshow Builder window. The image is copied to your pictures folder and automatically added to jquery slideshow loader not sync. If you have included the images that you do not wish to be in the slideshow, you can easily remove them. Select all images that you wish to remove from slide show, and select Delete images.. from the Images menu. You can pick and choose pictures by holding the CTRL while clicking the pictures you like.
* Copy all code for Flash Slideshow Builder from the HEAD and BODY tags and paste it on your page in the HEAD tag and in the place where you want to have a Inspirational Flash Gallery (inside the BODY tag).
If you would like to continue using this Add Flash Gallery Into Wordpress Header product after the trial period, you should purchase a Business Edition. The Business Edition additionally provides an option to remove the CU3OX.com credit line as well as a feature to put your own logo to images. After you complete the payment via the secure form, you will receive a license key instantly by email that turns the Free Trial Version into a Business one. You can select the most suitable payment option: PayPal, credit card, bank transfer, check etc.
For general help, troubleshooting and feature requests contact Customer Support at . Make sure to include details on your CU3OX version, a link (or relevant code), browser and operating system.Always Flash 26 03 21 Apk
Two-time Olympic champion Elena Isinbayeva has signed a five-year contract with the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation.
Interestingly, the order to conclude a contract with the athlete was signed personally by the Minister of Defense Sergei Shoigu. According to a spokesman for the CSKA club, whose team is Isinbayeva, the sixth jumper received the position of track and field instructor at the Central Army Sports Club.
“I am extremely happy to return to the ranks of CSKA, whose possibilities are endless, and besides, our goals and ambitions are the same. CSKA is one big family and an example of what every athlete should strive for, ”notes Isinbayeva.
Editorial uznayvse.ru recalls that last summer Isinbayeva gave birth to a daughter. Because of pregnancy, the athlete was forced to temporarily stop training. In February of this year, the athlete announced that she was returning to the sport. At the end of 2015, she promised to give an exact answer about whether she plans to perform at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
1. Choose an image and click the link which matches your screen resolution (Your current resolution is ).
3c. For the images in your folders, you may use the desktop wallpaper function provided by the photo management softwares such as ACDSee or Picasa .
Is awesome. The Needle Rifle and Pistol maybe be overpowered but that can be fixed with Loadout and map edits. So damm good. Reach finally feels like a proper Halo game.
I'ts definitely interesting. Adds room for classic Halo skill but takes away a certain pacing that the game was based around. The Sniper has become less useful as well as most other guns and the pistol dominates everything except long shots. I would say overall I prefer bloom as of tonight's experience in custom games. Spawning with both pistol and DMR is a tragic case, for anyone who values their life, among the small/ mid-sized maps.
It's an interesting experience but I don't think it works very well in any games with more than 8 players playing.
Bums me out I haven't gotten to try it yet, but I'm at my parents' place and getting on Live will be nigh impossible without an 80 foot Ethernet cable. Instead I'm catching up on RDR, Deus Ex, and Mirror's Edge. So am I to understand that the rate of fire of these weapons hasn't been limited at all? I am not in favor of this... I really don't want to spend every game mashing away on the trigger like every gun is the plasma pistol.
Alright fuck it, I'm going to do what needs to be done to get on and try this tonight. I'll grab my mic and the longest ethernet cable I have in my apartment before I head to my parents' and, if worst comes to worst, play from the kitchen on the little tiny Samsung LCD (it's so cute and it's white so it matches my Xbox). I want to try this one.
"Three separate dating methods, conducted in three separate laboratories unaware of the others' results concluded that the fossilised remains were between 177,000 and 194,000 years old."
Of course they forgot to approach a 'biblical creationist laboratory'... Where the prevailing 'worldview' would have informed them that regardless of general revelation from the 'book of nature' they already know that the remains have to be less than 6,000 years old.
Israel? Maybe they also "know" that the Garden of Eden was in those parts, outside Africa, anyway: so that would fit nicely.
Brian Jordan wrote: Israel? Maybe they also "know" that the Garden of Eden was in those parts, outside Africa, anyway: so that would fit nicely.
Listen to these despicable anti-science bigoted fantasists attacking science and scientists yet again (from 23 minutes in):
"People really don�t like to hear success explained away as luck � especially successful people. As they age, and succeed, people feel their success was somehow inevitable. They don�t want to acknowledge the role played by accident in their lives. There is a reason for this: the world does not want to acknowledge it either." -- Michael Lewis
Hulu ran out of dubbed episodes around episode 38, and ran out of the subtitled ones at 48. I know there's over a hundred, hopefully they'll find their way to Hulu soon. The more I watch it, the more I like it.
Author Topic: Podcast: Should the Lakers trade for Kyrie Irving if they miss out on LeBron? (Read 810 times)
Podcast: Should the Lakers trade for Kyrie Irving if they miss out on LeBron James? (Idea is trade for Irving and sign George)
They have no guards who would start on this team, no wings and no bigs either. Unless DA and Brad want a team made entirely of wings they’re dreaming
let them dream. Kyrie isn't being shipped out, never mind to the Lakers. no one on that roster I'd want over who we already have.
My goodness, why do people think the Celts are going to trade Kyrie the summer after the Celts' own trade for Kyrie proved to be a disastrous mistake for the team that traded him?
You’ll have to excuse my lengthiness—the reason I dread writing letters is because I am so apt to get to slinging wisdom & forget to let up. Thus much precious time is lost.
My goodness, why do people think the Celts are going to trade Kyrie the summer after they totally embarrassed a rival who made the stupid mistake of trading Kyrie?
Not sure how legit Jimmy Stewart from Felger and Mazz is but he claims someone from within fed him the info , the Celts are already gauging Irving worth
I don't get why anybody would feel that Ingram or Kuzma has more than middle of the road trade value. Those guys both look like borderline starter material to me.
I don't understand why everyone assumes all of these high profile players want to play for the Lakers. From what I can remember, Shaq was the last elite free agent to sign with them, and that was 22 years ago. To make matters worse, why would these free agents want to get anywhere near Lavar Ball.
I know, right? Does it seem as though players have been having a lot of fun playing for the Lakers lately?
agreed. I have difficulty understanding how either of those 2 players are almost revered as young players in terms of trade value yet Brown and Tatum are looked as having to be combined to bring in the value of either of those Lakers.
I understand why Ingram is viewed in a similar light to Brown in terms of trade value. I personally would laugh at an offer of Ingram for Brown, but I understand why some people consider them in a similar range of value. Tatum is in a league of his own when it comes to trade value. Kuzma and Ball are likely a tier below or further than Brown.
Definitely not for Ingram, or any other pupu platter the Lakers could put together. Kuzma and Ingram could be decent to strong starters on solid teams. But neither would start here.
14-09-2017 at Ilo 120 packets with Cocaine and $ 16.243 cash found on board. 23 crewmembers and the ship arrested.
To hear what fans think on certain things such as news regarding G'nerds2000, gaming, feedback on certain comics and so forth.
Hi! I have no cf diagnosis, but my doctor recently wrote a referral to a CF center. I didn't know very much about CF before that and I thought all people with cf are very sick from birth. I am 29 and I am so used to being sick without knowing why, so I don't really think I have cf, but I'll see...
I was pretty healthy, I think, until I was maybe 12. Started to have stomach/gut problems. Lost a lot of weight. A couple of years after that I got a rectal prolaps and invagination. Today I suffer from very severe gut problems...I don't digest food very well and I take plant enzymes. I have had obstructions (like ileus) in the small intestine/lower part of the large intestine for more than 10 years. I have never had "normal" constipation with hard stool. I also have chronic sibo, probabaly because I don't digest food very well... I have always been slim, despite eating a lot. I was really underweight during my teenages. Today I have learned that I need to eat a lot, despite no appetite...so I am pretty normal, but at the lower part of BMI scale, and I have low muscle mass.
I have chronic sinusitis and I have had breathing problems since I was a child, but since 2010 it has been very bad. The weird thing is that I have normal lung function, fev1 etc. (I walk a lot despite of everything, but I can't run) I have mucus on and off, but it seems like I have flares when I suffer from extreme chest tightness, air hunger,, shortness of breath...can't almost eat and sleep or sit etc because I am out of breath and extreme tightness. I also get more mucus and sinus problems, swollen lymph nodes etc during my flares. ....but I am never free from infection symptoms. Last time I was very well and almost felt healthy was during a period of two months, two years ago, after a course of amoxicillin (because of a dog bite).
My first sweat test was 35 (borderline for adults is 30-60 here in Sweden) and the second one 45. They went on with genetic testing, stool test and sputum test...and I'll meet a doctor in 3 weeks from now (have not met one yet, just the person who did the sweat tests)....when I get the results. I'll not be surprised if everything is fine.
The problem is that I don't have mucus to cough up right now....just mucus in the throat and sinusitis. So, my question at the end of this long post is:
Do all people with cf have cough and mucus all of the time? I don't have much cough, just when I have some kind of flare (then I often cough a lot in the morning, for a couple of hours, and some more later in the day), and same with the mucus, it's on and off...or rather wax and wane (but too little to cough up when I am "fine", but I am not sure if I still have mucus in the lungs, but can´t get it up). I do more "huffing" than coughing. I had some weeks with lots of mucus before I got the sputum cup from the lab..
I have no idea how to do the sputum test right now.. I asked if I could do a throat test instead, but they said no.
I was diagnosed at 7 and I was never able to cough anything up for years until I got into my 20s. It really all depends on the person, but for me, there are days when I don't cough at all and some I do. Some days I have a lot to cough up and some I have nothing. My lung functions are in the low 60s right now. It's ok if you don't have anything to produce. I really don't understand why they are giving you such a hard time about not being able to bring anything up. If you can't bring anything up then continue to let them know that and they'll have to swab your throat then.
My son is 15 and has never been able to cough up anything either --- doesn't have anything to cough up --- so they do the throat swab as well.
On a side note, with your digestive issues, have they run a fecal fat test to determine pancreatic sufficiency/insufficiency?
Thank you!! When I called the clinic and asked what to do, the nurse told me to bring the sputum cup with me when I come to see the doctor. She said that the physio could help me...but I don't think it'll help if I have nothing to cough up at that time... I am just afraid that I will have no chance to do the sputum test if the genetic test is negative, because even if I do not have cf it seems like a good idea to try to find out what I have in my respiratory tract... But I will wait and see if I can produce something next week or so. Thanks 
Thank you for your reply  I did a fecal elastace test some days ago. Second time I did it the result was 500, but the first time many years ago it was 200. So I don't really know...I get severe obstruction in the small intestine without enzymes, but despite of this the result was normal...so, I'll see what result I have this time!
Thank you!! When I called the clinic and asked what to do, the nurse told me to bring the sputum cup with me when I come to see the doctor. She said that the physio could help me...but I don't think it'll help if I have nothing to cough up at that time... I am just afraid that I will have no chance to do the sputum test if the genetic test is negative, because even if I do not have cf it seems like a good idea to try to find out what I have in my respiratory tract... But I will wait and see if I can produce something next week or so. Thanks 🙂
I know respiratory once had DS inhale hypertonic saline and did some chest physiotherapy (CPT) on him to bring up some mucus. Unfortunately, ds couldn't spit anything out doing that either. But at least respiratory should know the tricks to at least help you get something out and if not, do a throat swab.
I am a 56 year old female who only found out I have CF when I was 45! I was pretty healthy as a child, only in the hospital when I was 5 for pneumonia. Then about 18 had alot of "allergy" problems, or at least that is what the Dr. thought. I was also told I had uncontrolled asthma . I am pretty healthy most of the time, but when I get sick 3-4 times a year it usually starts with my sinuses, then goes into my chest. At 45 I had pneumonia in June, and my new Pulmonologist ask if I had any stomach issues, first time a pulmonologist had asked. When I told him yes he said he thought I may have CF. The only person I knew that had CF had died when he was 12, so I just knew I did not have it. I had a sweat test run weeks later and it came back positive. I have chronic sinusitis also and it usually ends up with me having to go in for a "tune-up" , which is having a 2 week course of IV antibiotics. I do not cough much unless I am sick and I do not have much mucus unless I am sick, and even then sometimes I don't have much. You will find that each case of CF can be totally different. Good luck at getting a sputum test run. I use hypertonic saline nebulized and it will help sometimes. I have found that if I carry a sputum cup with me it is a good thing, then whenever and wherever I am I can get a sample for them, then rush it to the lab. The Dr has a standing order for me there.
Thank you very much  Have never tried hypertonic saline... And yes, probably it's good to learn some CPT!
Thank you so much  yeah, it really sounds like each case are really different. Right now I have a lot of mucus in the throat, probably from bronchitis, but not from lungs...and I think that is not what they want in the sputum cup.. I'll see what happens until the meeting with the doctor, if I can do the sputum test...otherwise hopefully they are helpful at the cf center! All the best to you!
They are fantastic, specially the last one. And what happens in Memory has happened to me many times xD
All of these made me giggle but Squirtle's face in the last panel of Sparks Flying oh my god I just lost it all of it
“Friendship is like standing on wet cement. The longer you stay, the harder it's to leave, and you can never go without leaving your footprints behind.” - Unknown
“If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.” - Nora Roberts
"Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things." - Robert Brault
"Time is an equal opportunity employer. Each human being has exactly the same number of hours and minutes every day. Rich people can't buy more hours. Scientists can't invent new minutes. And you can't save time to spend it on another day. Even so, time is amazingly fair and forgiving. No matter how much time you've wasted in the past, you still have an entire tomorrow." - Denis Waitley
DCTP Forums=a place where anyone is anyone's sibling/parent/child....and therefore is the best place on earth <3
Oh yeah, "important" thing: the everyday strips and such will now be referred to as "A Day In The Life Of". The imagining things will still be "Imagine Nation" and everyone is still nameless muahaha
If clicking doesn't work (because the post seems to naturally shorten it) I guess quote this and then copy and paste? I don't know D:
Apparently! It needs "/PRE" or else DeviantArt is just like, "Mmmmmmmmm... Nope, not today". It may be that their server is undergoing some changes and some links are getting changed too or summat, but it doesn't appear to be related to the new forums in any way at least.
I expect lxerminal will installed because lxde-core first recommend lxterminal ,but why is "termit" will installed?
I'm sorry , just not sure what is best version of question and which where venues is best for question.
I just want confirm "Should I post a Stack Exchange Debian question to this site?" when this forum no any same question
i strongly suspect op will keep on harping on this until it peters out, all the time (intentionally?) missing one relevant detail that was probably pointed out to him in the first reply. dunno.
Our latest update has been released! Please leave us a nice review in the App Store if you have the time, thank you!
I think it was a bit drastic to make times not a market so, Just making this to see your opinions too.
Now our only popular market is Trade Tower which is basicaly a bling-bling awful area for personal exihibit of notches. Lol.
I think a market world, even if it is official, should be moderated. It ia good to have an official market world where people feel safe leaving their stuff, but having unmoderated market world with 90% dead area is a bit too much. There is almost noone online who you could ask to post info near spawn for years.
I think Times should join the North Market and a New Times should come to life, maybe with a spawn from a competition, like Mike offered long ago.
Also I think it's pretty cool that Trade Tower hosts competitions and games, it feels like a live trade world, which you cannot get from an official, but unmoderated world.
Multarix Over a rainbow with kittens and ponies dancing around a fire built upon the corpses of their enemiesMember Posts: 3,110
I would say either sponsor certain player created markets or make a brand new dev owned market/hub world.
Of all the amazing worlds - which people have spent hours building, designing, and putting actual thought into - why is Trade Tower of all worlds the popular market? I wish markets like @AMWhy 's Rock Candy and @Sirentist 's No Fuss Trading had taken off. I think if they had, the whole trading experience would be a lot smoother than the crowded mess we have now.
Except, whenever someone does that, the market doesn't really take off. If that's truly what the majority of the community wants, then as Crystal King said, both No Fuss Trading and Rock Candy are user friendly and aesthetically pleasing, so we could put an honest effort to direct the market crowd to one of those. I think their owners would be more than happy to maintain their world if activity spikes there.
I'm sorry, but what? What does this have to do with literally anything? You want a low-effort, easy peasy, d-bag way of rising the ranks in superfluous, meaningless, shallow popularity contests instead of trying to be a better person/player and work for it instead??? Is what this is about?
I think it would be nice to see other worlds rise up, however Times was still an excellent market. It should still be open.
You right, but I was a bit hard about AMENAZY’s World, some pieces of his spawn area are well-made (see picture) and he even put some teleporters to quick-access people’s creations, but sadly there is also a lot of useless exhibit.
There is nothing stopping anyone from creating their own market world and trying to make it better designed.
Maybe market converters should be priced a little lower until more people join the game. I’ve always wanted to make a market, but 2000 crowns is a bit excessive.
I think there should only be one official market for those not interested in placing their items in player owned markets.
North Market exists, people just forgot it existed though once the game died for a bit and Times became the only thing anyone knew
Table 2 includes alternate information about some of the companies in table 1 and includes a field called "alternate_name"
I.e. If a company has a "company_name" called "Alpha" and the "alternate_name" is "Zulu", I want the company listed with the "Z"s not the "A"s
"alternate_name" is set to NULL if not set. However, if user accidentally sets that to blank spaces, that value shows up as the name. Is there a way to filter out such values?
If the input text box for "alternate_name" on the entry form is left blank, the database UPDATE statement overwrites the NULL field with an empty string, ''. I can obviously check for that with a "IF ($_POST..." statement but is there a more efficient way to prevent empty strings from overwriting NULL values, generally?
Don't let users give an empty value. Validate your inputs. Though you could recognize an empty value and set NULL in the backend.
If I helped you out, show some love with some reputation, or tip with Bitcoins to 1N645HfYf63UbcvxajLKiSKpYHAq2Zxud
I don't usually say this, but I think you won the joke pronoun thread. My hat's off to you, ma'am, well said.
Ooh, good idea :D I really just want to complete the Unovadex atm and since I also just got a tornadus....
Although I feel like a dick kinda cause I was about to trade me servine when I remembered I had to breed it for a friend. But whatever, the guy's name was all-caps P:
I am mostly concerned about it fitting inside the spring cavity, without sticking out and therefore making wearing the guitar uncomfortable.
The tremol-no resonantes with the whole bridge with some notes/chords, which is kind of annoying (though it does not seem to affect what is picked up by the magnetic pickups or piezo).
The holes for the spring claw screws are therefore angled, and the tremol-no is not supposed to be angled (though it works it seems). Does anyone know if this could hurt the guitar or have some undesired effects?
I had one of these on a Y2D that I ended up selling. The "resonation" that you refer to is a common trait to these. I call it a rattle. It's freakin annoying! Also. I couldn't put my trem cover plate on as the apparatus sticks out to far from the back.
I have one on my Majesty and have no rattle issue. I modified my backplate to work with the tremol-no so it's easy to block and unblock on the fly.
About resonance: among Strat mods, making the tremelo a 'hard tail' was one of the recommended mods to actually give you MORE resonance. Seems some people use a block of hardwood to transfer the bridge sound into the body of the guitar. Just sayin.'
I'm looking for a guy who can potentially be a long term FWB. NOT a boyfriend. I love reading, movies, hiking. I'm a normal cute Portland girl. D/D free. I would like a guy who isn't too muscly but is healthy. Someone I can have flirt with men normal conversation but isn't looking for anything serious. Ages 28-35 preferably and experienced. smoker free and D/D free. Will trade pics. Thanks
I am bored and looking for someone to make it a great afternoon. We can meet and just take a chance at having some fun. I am a very open person but also have the need to keep this discrete. If you are able to meet now please send stats and I will local hookups the same. Lets not waste eachothers time with endless emails. You never know how much fun we can have unless we try right?
PS- I am not looking for one night stands with many men, I dont want meet nude women free be every mans $lut. I just want one man to share many, many, many sexual experiences with. I am currently in texas.
I like the internet and working out my spare time. I would like to meet someone who shares the same interest as girls getting laid Somebody who is inteligent and sincere.
If you are a female who enjoys watch/be watched fun meet french women we need to talk. I like being watched as I jerk myself, as well as Mutual Masturbation. Your choice. I also enjoy phonesex, so if you like, we can talk about it and then DOIT! I can host all weekend in Lancaster. I am a clean, respectable and str8 goodlooking guy. Ladies only please. No guys, couples or posers. Please send a pic if interested. m4w, m4ww, mw4w, mw4ww. Keywords: voyeur, exhibitionist, masturbation
It amazes me how many couples never fully experience the FFM 3sums they seek on a regular basis. On the other hand, many single males decline the volume of 3sum requests that come our way.
My parents are at work and I feel like being naughty. Come help me out. I hope you can work it. If your intereseted send a pic.
This bitch is cluttering up this board with everything from fake ass posts about her being homeless to her asking 10 times a day about seeking a SD or going to the cheesecake factory.She has posted probably 12 different ads today alone. She has a BF as well.Spam/flag/reply her ugly cunt ass into oblivion.nashiahordges at the gmailmyspace back slash hiphopprincess121
This looks like a great resource. #1 Best Seller in Boys' Dress Shirts Director: George Erschbamer Your job is one of the best and most convenient places to make some extra cash. You may have to think a little bit out of the box, so try these on for starters. About LifehackContact Us Easy process and fast. Well done, great job. 3. Unopened Advent calendars (No. 7 beauty Advent Calendar and Lego Star Wars) Should I refinance? If you don’t mind having a large commercial sign on your car – or having it “wrapped” in ad material, you can earn up to $400 per month with FreeCarMedia.com. Cash back program for online shopping (includes $5 bonus). On the 5 p.m. Fast Bitcoin, Mel aired a clip of Jeffrey saying he found Zuck's testimony "terrible" and "dismissive" and "insincere" and "very semantic" as opposed to "fulsome." Gundlach also said regulation tends to take 2 forms, either none at all or too much. (We'll bank on the former in this instance.) Submit a Review Submit a Complaint 21 Bible Verses About Giving Weekend Earnings Reviews Top 100 Suggest Tools Advertise University Login or Register All Genres Updated: 3 hr 40 min ago Contract Testing Inc. (Open to U.S. & Canada Residents) © © Copyright 2009 - 2018 CNBC Jobs can be found scattered all over the Map, but the easiest way to access Jobs is to check the Quick Jobs tab on your Cell Phone. From this menu you can access all unlocked Job types for your character and find matchmaking options for partners in crime. Can you install a ceiling fan and do handyman stuff? Accessibility Help Sign Up With Postmates Grade the Trade: In this Friday segment (discontinued since October 2007), which involved college students who joined the show via Webcam, they had 30 seconds to answer a question asked by Ratigan. The panelists then graded his/her trade. India	Kalen of MoneyMiniBlog.com is passionate about helping you master your finances and maximize your productivity. Full Bio Liz says: Link prefers INTC. 44:04 Thursday, May 10, 2018 Best Roboadvisors
john says you’re mostly welcome! Time: 2018-05-12T16:39:39Z Celebs Our dermatology office is fast paced, and at times you'll find yourself doing a great deal of multi - tasking.... But, "No and no"? Get paid to shop and share your experience. In short, stores or restaurants hire people to evaluate their services to ensure quality. Obviously, social media can impact a brand when a customer isn’t taken care of well. Mystery shoppers help prevent this from happening. As a mystery shopper, you’re compensated to provide impartial feedback about products and services. Your feedback may very well prevent the next social media rant. We’ve devoted an entire article to Mystery Shopping that you can read about here. Rick Santelli said if there was "any bite" to this trade bickering, he'd expect the Dow to be down more than 50-70 points. Just download the app and start scanning the barcodes on your media to get immediate quotes. It’s completely free to use — no listing or seller fees. 05.11.18 | 9:53 AM @Zoe – Good point. In some locations, scalping, or reselling tickets for more than face value, is against local law. http://www.cnbc.com/id/15838499 How do u become a mysery shopper? There are so many websites on the internet how can u tell if its real. Adverse selection Judge's Call of the Day on Thursday's Halftime was Soc Gen's upgrade of BA. That would be the same “James Lee Valentine” who promotes himself as the Empowering Author Extraordinaire on his website: jamesleevalentine.com/biography.htm and the “founder” of the Empowered Millionaire Institute empoweredmillionaire.com May 22, 2018 12:00 PM I just started a personal blog! It focuses on personal development; it’s sort of my journey to mastering myself and people can follow along if they want. I’m not sure how much I’ll be able to monetize it much, but maybe with Google adsense I could make a little income. I dealt with Scott and Ross at fast money loan they gave me the run around for two days at the time my car was in the shop they agreed to get my car out of the shop saying they would add it to my loan well I ended up not getting the loan they got my car out of the shop which was a total of 597.00 when I told them that I did not want the loan they ended up taking my car from San Diego to Long Beach and charging me 1197.00 not proving me any receipts and I'm asking them where is this extra 600.00 coming from now I'm gonna take them to court Ross the manager is extremely rude these people should not be in business and I doubt they will be for long this was illegal what they did and they are gonna pay for what they did to me and my car please don't use this company. Hi, another option to make money at home that you didn’t include in your list would be to use paid surveys. I spend about an hour each day completing surveys online and I make between $350-$500 a month. Not bad when you consider this is just meant to be some additional income on the side. Ebates will credit your account with rewards points you can cash in for your $10 Walmart gift card. $7,625,000 May 10, 2018 Rock Your Resume: Apply to Be Justin Timberlake’s Social Media Coordinator Kaitlyn Blount ♦ Eric Bolling in Oklahoma on June 15th, 2017 APPLY ONLINE Get a full refund if your money transfer is not delivered after you have funded the transfer. August 22, 2011 Roofstock (Rental Property): You know how we feel about rental property. What could be better than having someone pay your mortgage and pay you? It’s intimidating to become a landlord though. You don’t know how to tell a good property from a bad one, you don’t know how to fix a sink, you don’t know how to screen tenants. Personal Be the first to ask a question about Rich Dad's Who Took My Money? Your family or friends want to help out, right? So find something you can do for them in the next hour, for a fair wage. For example, offer to rake the yard or clean their windows for $20. SHOW RATING DISTRIBUTION I started doing EPS. The Ultimate Guide to Saving For Retirement Judge opened Wednesday's Halftime stating FAANG "can't get any traction" and that "everybody is talking about it." Compared to Western Union and Xoom, Remitly rates are highly competitive. During our research, Remitly was slightly more favorable than Xoom and Western Union came last. 2ND CHANCE See all talent bios Old digital photocopiers are an identity thief’s dream March 18, 2015 at 5:32 AM Cash straight to your bank Jim reaffirmed, "I am fully invested," even though Judge said he's "sorry" that Jim is fully invested. "The economy looks good right now," Jim asserted. Omar Saady says "These are holds in my opinion," not trades, said Pete. Columbia Business School a list of 198 titles fast money review|Secrets Revealed fast money review|We're Revealing the Secret fast money review|Contact us
Judge noted Vinnie was on the show Feb. 8. Vinnie said he's not surprised about how fast the markets have come back. Makereta 20. Online travel agent Sonnenfeld is hung up on the apology angle but stressed that Zuck wouldn't look like John Stumpf, Jac Nasser, Ken Lewis or Tony Hayward. "He's been coached, he's smarter than those guys, and they don't have enough time to get him. ... So he'll get away with it. But no, Scott, it is not authentic contrition. Apology is not contrition. It's not- it's not authentic." (This review was posted after Mark Zuckerberg's remarks Tuesday.) Several multi-player cooperative Mission type Jobs provide substantial cash rewards to ambitious players. Panhandle LIFESTYLE I would never have made it this far in college without the help of these guys. The minute you walk in they try to do their best to help you and make you feel at home. I never feel like I am at the paw...n shop, they almost feel like family. They are great people and that doesn't happen very often with businesses like this. I REALLY don't know what I would have done without them. ... OH AND THANKS SCOTT, for saving my ass. See More Ultimate Guide to Making Money Reserve Our Community Rooms www.amazon.com/s/?ur.. A part time job is a great way to earn money to pay for School ( including Running Start ) or Household Expenses. Looking for a fun new job opportunity?...... Show more David says: 5.7/10 Fortunately, these days, especially with the sharing and gig economy, there are tons of easy ways to make money. Joe Terranova said Goldman Sachs had a 31 sell on GM, citing Waymo's entry in ride-hailing. (This writer is long GOOGL.) Joe questioned how Jonas' note could be so different.
Joe Terranova said, "What took them so long?" Joe said everything about JNPR is going in the "wrong direction." If you’ve got old gadgets sitting around, you can get some decent cash for them. Craigslist and eBay are always a great choice, plus here are some more options for selling all types of electronics: 05.11.18 | 12:40 PM Look for bonus sign up on checking account or investment account. I think ING is having a $50 sign-up bonus right now. The banner bank also had a $50 sign-up bonus. Boom, there’s $100 for ya. To ask other readers questions about Rich Dad's Who Took My Money?, please sign up. CITIES & SPACES in California on March 6th, 2018 28. Pet sitting See how much you can get for your stuff on Decluttr today. Herb was on, but we didn’t hear anything about the BABA exec who lives down the street but won’t answer Herb’s questions Sparkling Ice Mountain Spring Water 8-Pack for free New Product May 24, 2012 From Affiliate Tips ScienceDirect Jul 27, 2017 Marquez Davis rated it it was amazing February 7, 2016 at 12:21 pm Freshers in California on July 10th, 2017 San Diego, CA The Best Savings Accounts For Students Watch Again "We're gonna leave it there," Judge said, taking a page from Mel's playbook. Sign up for TaskRabbit.com. With TaskRabbit.com, you’ll be connected to local people who need help with regular chores. Depending on the day, you could get paid to walk a dog, pick up someone’s dry cleaning, or do someone’s grocery shopping. Best of all, it’s free to create a profile and get started. College & Education Oh, boy: Axios article also said Mike Pence has listened with ‘keen interest’ to arguments against FB and GOOGL Steve Weiss and Brian Sullivan noted ZG is embarking on a different model. Joe contended that he thinks the panelists all agree, "for the very first time in years, short shel- sellers are now in control of this stock." How It Works Fast wavelet transform View ptmoney’s profile on Twitter We hired Rosio from Peru (whom we found on Care.com to look after our newborn twins and paid her $10 an hour to work from 11 p.m. to 7 a.m. She sang to our babies, fed them, and changed diapers. It’s worth it if both parents have to go in to work the next day! $38,857.60 Help Follow RD: I could do some PHP coding, but I’m not the best. Don’t censor yourself — put everything down. Pete likes STZ over MNST. Note: Two roadblocks can come up here: Sarat Sethi, though, contended the good news for BA is already "baked in." SUBMIT Cash Management Login And I’ve tried the plasma thing except that they wouldn’t take me. 2. Use QuickRewards Best Personal loan providers Job Hunting Steve Weiss said, "There's definitely been some blood in the streets. ... This is where you earn your money if you're- if you're an asset manager." Janie Marie Kaveny says John A garage sale might not be your style, or maybe you only have a few really nice things you want to sell. Consider selling on Ebay, Craigslist, and Facebook groups. He recently was named one of the 20 most influential living economists. in California on November 7th, 2017 You’ve probably been drunk before. Would you have fallen for any of these? Exactly. Robert’s rich dad often told him: “The faster your money moves, the higher the returns and the lower your risk.” Conventional financial wisdom recommends that you save money and invest for the long term. In other words: park your money. 8. But everything fails in comparison to the website earning. Sometimes I place a banner for just 1 day, over at sidebar, and I get $100 paid to me by the advertisers. As I said already, open a blog and start writing, money will flow. Wiki Tools Amazon France $2	148,997	26,136	$297,994	$52,272 All You Reality Checker from All You Magazine Petersen International Underwriters Review The Ultimate Guide to Saving For Retirement Comments Most of these sites like Stuvia & Notesale are free for you to list your notes but tend to take a cut of your profit in order to handle the marketing etc so that you don’t have to go out there and promote your notes yourself. a quick way to make money|Click Here for More Info a quick way to make money|Click Here for More Details a quick way to make money|Click Here for More Tips
100+ Answers Some credit cards also allow you to use cash advances by writing checks. The interest rates for these are sometimes lower; check with your bank or credit card issuer for details. 28d ago22:04 March 20, 2016 at 3:18 AM The first step towards success is to get started and try something. – Scott June 20, 2016 at 11:12 am World News The application process for Wag! can take 1-2 weeks, and you must pass a test and complete an orientation class. Investors Corner Fast Web Media Weekdays 6P ET/3P PT Read on to find out about some of the exciting ways to make money from home. You may even find something you’ve never heard of before. Top Critics BzzAgent – Word of mouth marketing agency that will send you products from time to time. The advance that helps you attract more clients It's the concentration of massive amounts of wealth that used to be spread around the country in many different businesses into a few select West Coast juggernauts. Depending on the city you live in, Uber Eats allows you to deliver food to people via your car, bike, or scooter. Turn on the app in the morning before work, when you get home, or whenever you have some extra time to make money on your terms. 32 visits Being a panelist takes about an hour a week. Pops & Drops: Lee and her panelists review stocks that have the big gains (pops) and drops during the day (or week). Fast Money 01/29/18	Jan 29, 2018	Listen Views: 11,334,415 You get more with MoneyMe Taking up AMZN's renewed beating from the president of the United States, Kevin O'Leary on Monday's Halftime called the Washington Post "a left-wing newspaper." $2.083/hour(a real business makes you money 24/7, even while you sleep). Fast Money 02/06/18	Feb 06, 2018	Listen Abstract Content Stream Trending Movies With Prime Video · December 18, 2017 Leave a Review Add Photo Share , Opens a popup Save , Opens a popup I find listing the good and bad things about a programs helps make a decision about buying it. Overall Imagine starting your own. Fast Money 04/20/18 Pete said, "The Giants absolutely crushed it ... they got the best running back I've seen since Adrian Peterson." About RD: 2.3K Views Feb 21, 2012 Nola Redd rated it really liked it Selling clothes on eBay can be a lucrative side gig, but it’s time-consuming. If you need cash right away, you probably don’t have the time to list items, wait for a buyer, and ship clothes. Instead, you can sell your clothes in person at places such as Plato’s Closet, Buffalo Exchange, and Clothes Mentor. The shoe I received is not like the one in the picture. Kenneth Cole Reaction Fast Cash Loafer (Little Kid/Big Kid),Black Box Leather,6.5 M US Big Kid Original logo (06/21/06 to 10/10/14) Jeff Kilburg asked Lee for an S&P target. Lee said double digits and 3,000. OneCoin a “pyramid game” for tax in Sweden, not a cryptocurrency Rolan Depending on where you live, being a movie extra for a day or two is a fun way to make around $100/day and get the chance to see yourself on the big screen. You don’t have to live in LA or NYC either…according to Forbes, Louisiana actually beats California’s film industry now, and Georgia and Canada aren’t far behind. [8] For $50/day you need: You know that girl on Instagram who’s always flaunting a new Chanel bag and flitting off to a different luxury island once a month? And you just wonder how the hell she makes a living? Education Ian Winer, who was a bit grandpa-esque but still delivered an excellent performance on Wednesday's Halftime, told Kevin O'Leary that the 10-year "for sure" is a competitor now with equities. See Key Takaways Penny Hoarder Dana Sitar accidentally saved $116 — about $35 a month — by connecting one debit card to the app and forgetting about it. At that rate, you could spend 10 minutes setting up your Acorns account and easily put away $420 in a year. About Jim Name: Neither did we. We'd be surprised if anyone even remembers this in October. (When was the last time you logged in to Equifax's site to see if your SSN and credit cards were compromised?) — J.D. Roth of Get Rich Slowly Take the photos during “the golden hour.” This is the hour just before or after sunset when the light is redder and softer, therefore more flattering. There is even a calculator that tells you what time that is based on your location. Word Finder Kevin O'Leary on Wednesday's Halftime Report disagreed with Jim Lebenthal as to how much of an overhang China is. Very good service. May 9 at 3:08pm · Jim said, "We've had this discussion a million times." Judge had a good quip, saying, "Let's have it a million-one."
From IHeartBudgets Property Missions End of Game Info As I said, I am not a licensed financial planner and am not familiar with the details of your personal situation, so I am unable to provide more specific advice. But I hope this helps! Once you select the USD amount you want to send, the amount received in the local currency will display based on the current exchange rate. In absolute terms, you won't pay that much for a short-term payday loan. A $100 loan might have a fee of $15 for two weeks. But as the FTC warns, that's an annual rate of interest of 390%! If at all possible, try other options before relying on these loans, and don’t roll them over very often. best way to earn money fast|Find Out More best way to earn money fast|Find Out More Here best way to earn money fast|Find Out More On This Subject Here
Houston Traffic Sell Books Lashay Twitter Faces the Truth 4,486 Views How much can one make taking the surveys online if it’s legit? $2 CASH BLAST Full Report If you need ideas, check out Pinterest. It has a world of ideas, and you’d be surprised how much people will pay for a custom baby nursery lamp or a re-stained bar from the 70s. FREELANCING Doing pushups on camera (???) If that’s intimidating, just start with these 50 resources. Simply list your space on a site like Craigslist. Mortgage Calculators
GreenBuyback – $210 Upload Your Resume Sign In 84%	Avengers: Infinity War	$114.8M Pages Liked by This Page Best Student Loan Refinancing Companies Great list! I’ve used Poshmark to sell clothes/accessories. You take up to 4 photos, add a description, and set a size, color, and brand. I’ve sold 3 items so far (two dresses and a pair of shoes) and it’s easy. The buyer can purchase at listing price or make you an offer, to which you can counter-offer. At all times, you can see what your profit will be from your listed price. Once the transaction is accepted, you are emailed a prepaid shipping label to print. You package your item up in a brown box and ship, and when the seller receives it your funds are released. You can cash out as a direct deposit to a bank account at any time or use the funds to shop. I’ve also purchased a pair of jeans on the site and they arrived as expected. For like-new and designer labels it’s a great way to clear your closet and make a little cash all at once. Des flics aux trousses See more » Authorized User Status If you have a knack for research, there are businesses and individuals who could use your services. You can find some of them on Craigslist, or offer your services to local colleges. 2. Sign up with a few sites, 3-5 to start then add more to receive more surveys  Cohan curiously said, "I'm sure they're having a fabulous quarter." Now that's an interesting throwback. That used to be one of the biggest cliches on Fast Money, from about 2007 (when the show really started) to about 2013 or so minus a few months in 2008; someone would always opine that they're really sure GS is going to have "blowout numbers" because it was a great quarter for trading, etc. Jessica and her husband started selling on Amazon in 2012 and made over six figures profit working 20 hours a week. "It's a different discussion. We're talkin' about GE," Jim explained. How do I make money online? Driving People to the airport Copyright © Fandango. All rights reserved. V2 MobileWorks involves jobs as a technical virtual assistant, including online research, tagging images and creative writing, and you must speak English. Animals need loving too and you can make just as much money pet sitting when their owners leave town or work long hours. Dog walking is another daily hustle opportunity as you take the dogs on their daily walk so their owner doesn’t have to. Erin Browne opened Thursday's Halftime stating it's a question of whether Donald Trump is "imposing" or "proposing" new tariffs. Anyways, thanks! Great help! Drive for Uber 84 truSTAGE Auto Insurance allison says If you're looking for easy ways to make money fast, look no further than your own front door. Thanks to the rising popularity of airbnb.com, you can now cash in on your spare bedroom by renting it out to vacationers who pass through your city. All you need is solid furnishings, great photos to show off your space, and your landlord's OK. Here are some other ways to make extra income. 3	Panelist changes Digital Comics	CreateSpace Chosen by RT staff! You could mow lawns, rake leaves, shovel snow in the winter or do basic trimming and landscaping. Other ideas include weeding gardens or clearing out vegetable or flower gardens for the winter. 27. Sell your used books Great Article very inspiring I loved reading it. 2. Online Surveys Amanda R. setup: medium Regarding PFE, Jim Lebenthal said, "What I am hopeful for is that Ian Read is sandbagging us," complaining the stock has been "doodling around." Thanks! This is a great list. Being a teenager myself, I have been looking for different ways to make money and some things on this list have definitely caught my eye. Another thing I have discovered, of you have more of an appreciation for crafts, is to make products out of duct tape. People seem to have interest in unique things like this. I have recently been asked to create a beach-themed check book. It does take a bit of practice and patience, but soon enough, if you stick to it (no pun intended), it will definitely be worth it. You would also need a non-stick cutting board, as these help very much in duct tape craft-making, scissors (which are also sold in non-stick form at craft stores) or an Exacto knife if you are very careful, and a model of whatever you are making so you know what size to make it, such as a wallet or checkbook. They have great examples of crafts to make at ducttape.com and other websites. If you get serious enough in your duct tape business you can even make a website to sell them on or even sell them on etsy.com for more of a profit, such as shipping if you want to charge for that, which I may do when I get good enough. Good luck! Hi please tell me where in South Africa can i find kind of work that is offered by you thanls Download the eBook! Current events 05/12/2018 : 500 Fast Cash Loan | Find $1000 Profit Rapidly Time. Get Payday Progress Right now. $100$1000 Payday Online inside Quickly Occasion. - Easy Credit assessment Bad Credit Fine. : 500 Fast Cash Loan - Rapid Instant Approval. - Earn money Today. Most questions are multiple choice, which makes the process fairly painless. And of course, your answers are kept private (and are actually protected under federal law). 2. Collect $150 From Chase Joe Terranova ("The Liquidator"; 2008–present) Fill Out Forms: This one is for pre-college kids. If you’ve been to college, you know the Hell that is filling out student loan forms. I’m sure there are a few parents who would gladly hand over this chore for money. Gianna Updated 3 April 2018 BzzAgent – Word of mouth marketing agency that will send you products from time to time. Behind the Cosplay Pat Henry Group May 10, 2016 at 8:57 am Year Founded: 2015	Number of employees: 51 to 200 All-in-one: In addition to a bank account, you can open a Varo Savings Account, earning 1.35% Annual Percentage Yield. Judge contended that names such as INTC and CSCO are "not likely" to drive the market higher. Teresa Schultz says: [email protected] Learn How to Make Money Business Information Do more with your money in half the time. You may need to change your car insurance to include ride sharing. You can increase your chances of successfully raising money by writing a compelling story about your financial need and how the cash will help you get back on track. Use a credit card’s cash advance feature.[33] Some credit cards will allow you to withdraw a certain amount of cash by using it at an ATM. This can help you come up with cash in a hurry. However, the interest rates on cash advances are usually much higher than the credit card’s usual interest rate, meaning that you will eventually have to pay more. fast money review|Top Online Resource fast money review|Top Secrets Revealed fast money review|Top Techniques
Press alt + / to open this menu & Celebrities	IMDbPro Make the most of your spare space by renting it out with Airbnb. If you know how to be an Airbnb host that wows their guests, you have an amazing opportunity to make money fast. By creating a wonderful experience for your guests, you’re setting yourself up for great reviews and lots of repeat guests. Check out our complete guide on getting started as an Airbnb host. Embed | Permalink | Report Was this review helpful? Yes No Avoid gambling. While it is an option for making money, the risks are high. PreSeason Funds Beyond blogging, you can also become a coach or consultant for others, especially if you have some skills that people are looking for. Maybe you're a social media maven, or you have great online business skills. Selling your time and hopping on a Skype call or Google hangout is a great hustle. After listening to your show, I found a lead to my first side hustle. For my wife’s program and mine, we are required to have CPR. We took our class to meet these requirements, and I talked with our instructor who passed my name to the owner letting him know I was curious about becoming an instructor. I was contacted about certifying myself to teach classes! – John S. Fewer of us have talent than have skill so you can charge a little more for these. ♦ FM archive: Apr. 2013 Most, if not all of these ways to make money, can be done even with a full-time job. Four Winds Casino Resort Follow the scripts and see how it goes. 22 Amazon has 700,000+ micro tasks that require human intelligence to complete. You might get paid $1-$2 per task. You can work from home, choose your own hours, and get paid quickly. 20. Deliver With Postmates A very well-researched article! Where I live, a quick and easy way to make cash is to teach home tuition to primary schools children. Teachers here aren’t that good so parents are always eager to get children extra help. And parents don’t even care if you have a relevant degree or not. You just need to read the child’s textbook and repeat everything the teacher taught at school and make the kid do his or her homework. How simple for us and how sad for the education system 🙂 Dang! Now this is a resource. Great work Jim! First, yelling at the Cashier causes him to unload his money more quickly. Note that your yelling may be overheard by others on your chat channel. Second, Robberies may be conducted cooperatively with other players, with the bagman responsible for divvying up the cash at the Heist's conclusion. To divide the earnings, you hold select to bring up the Quick Interaction menu. From here you go to Inventory->Cash. After this you merely click the split option, and divide the money amongst the participants. Note that cuts are in percentage and not raw amounts for convenience. Fast Money 04/02/181:30:30 Transcribing is perfect for people who want a flexible schedule. M	T	W	T	F	S	S Ephemera – Not greeting cards but novelty buttons, magnets and stickers. Similar Products to Review $32,885.94 See full technical specs » "It is a stock-picker's market," Kilburg assured. Scribie April 25, 2017 at 4:00 am Jim Wang Pete Najarian said May 95 MSFT calls were "very active." Good Housekeeping Product Tester Panel 9. Get a free $5 to start investing with Clink 12/04/2015 > Click Here to learn more Vincent Mosweta, Serial Entreprenuer Video Distribution Have you heard of peer-to-peer lending? It’s a financial system that matches borrower with investors that are willing to fund their loans. As an investor, essentially YOU are acting as the bank, which is pretty neat. Using a service like Lending Club is a great way to act as a lender and earn interest on your money. BBB Reports On Upwork will approve your profile within 24 hours. But keep in mind it can take time to land your first freelance gig. Furniture assembly Judge on Wednesday's Halftime Report brought in Gordon Johnson of Vertical Research to explain Johnson's 109 target on TSLA. Tradesy SELF DEVELOPMENT · March 13, 2018 START A BLOG 2 other reviews that are not currently recommended Read reviews that mention Jobs can be found scattered all over the Map, but the easiest way to access Jobs is to check the Quick Jobs tab on your Cell Phone. From this menu you can access all unlocked Job types for your character and find matchmaking options for partners in crime. Jacob @ My Personal Finance Journey says There’s a decent rate of surveys pinged your way as you can expect two or three emails a day inviting you to fill in particular questionnaires. In addition to this, there are freely offered surveys on their cleanly designed website each day which you can look through and decide if they take your fancy. Surveys on CashCrate are often outsourced to third parties though, so you can make more money on the survey side from other websites. Similarly they are known for passing your information on to other people, so to avoid the irritations of endless spam, make sure you set up a dedicated email address for your CashCrate account.
B+ Jeff PERFECT! Wonderful post. Thank you for all the great data. Just the info I need to really evaluate my situation and goals. THANKS! Can’t wait to read all the others to come So true… so true!! This was good but I was wondering if you had an idea for me to start my own online business. I’m only 13 and a lot of these are for adults . I don’t live in a “neighborhood” so I can’t deliver paper or walk dogs. I like babysitting and I’m good at it but I dont get many requests because I’m only 13 . Any advice / ideas would be appreciated. Thx Method-6: Absolute Money Game – $30 – $45 / Day in 72 Hours Cryptocurrency Weiss said he'll speak "more eloquently" than Jim, and what he's saying is, "There are opportunities that will be presented as they have been continually because I, I agree with Gundlach, that this is gonna be the year of volatility." If you’re going through your job just HOPING you’re doing a good job, you’ll be forgotten when it comes times for raises. Just like great companies get inside the heads of their customers, top performers figure out EXACTLY what their bosses want and optimize their strengths accordingly. Recent February 22, 2016 at 9:03 AM What to Expect at a Mortgage Closing There is still time to #shopthesale before #MothersDay! Head over to www.etsy.com/shop/fcpdiamonds to see what's new <3 · December 19, 2017 On the other hand, when you need money to arrive quickly, Remitly Express is the best choice because transfers are instant and can be done by debit card. Hi The last thing you can do is sign up for InboxDollars which pays you, in cash, to watch fun videos & take surveys and they’ll also give you a $5 free bonus just to give it a try. By spending just 30 minutes per day on this (either on your weekends or during TV commercial breaks) you can earn and save an extra $150/month. More people should be doing this! Who wouldn’t watch an ad or two if they were getting paid? Advertise with Us DIGITAL in California on July 31st, 2017 South Dakota If you don’t use your parking spot during your working hours, consider renting it out on Craigslist. 7 A smartphone is necessary to accept and process jobs. On Wednesday's Halftime Report, Erin Browne suggested, and Jon Najarian insisted, the market was down because of the Wisconsin Supreme Court election and "fear of a blue sweep." DeviantART. You can sell photography, classic prints and digital works. REMITLY BANK SPOTLIGHT You can actually make good money delivering groceries for them. On average you can make around $15-$20 per hour. 13 Easy Weekend Side Hustles To Make Money Fast fast money|Click Here fast money|Click Here for More Info fast money|Click Here for More Details
A good number of training programs are around 9 to 18 months and can be completed online or at a training center, and make you qualified to take the Licensed Vocational Nurse NCLEX examination administered where you live.
Becoming a LVN has a few prerequisites. One must have finished high school or have a GED or equivalent, be the legal age to work for California, clear a background screening, and last of all you have to test negative for illegal drugs to be eligible for registration.
Picking which program to sign-up for is really an individual matter, however here are some things you should know before deciding on LVN programs. Picking LVN Schools may seem relatively easy, but you need to make sure that that you’re picking the ideal type of program. Initially, you should certainly make sure the training school has been authorized by the California State Board or perhaps a well-known association similar to the American Nurses Association. In cases where the training program is endorsed by these agencies, you really should also evaluate several other variables such as:
The National Council of State Boards of Nursing has stated that getting your nursing license is needed for employment opportunities. Once you have been given your license, be sure to get yourself listed on the nursing registry maintained by the Nurse Aide Registry maintains a registry that all credentialed LVN should be listed on. After getting your license and getting included on the registry, you’ll then have your job eligibility, a chance at higher pay, and a lot more as you begin a new career!
as a LVNs in California are in luck as the recent projections from O*Net Online indicate huge growth. The rise in new work opportunities for nurses are estimated to go up across the country by the end of this decade and in California. For individuals who want to begin working as a vocational nurse in Roblar CA, you can see that the rising demand is in your favor.
Learning to become a Licensed Vocational Nurse is easier and a lot more straight-forward than ever, so get started off in LVN programs today!
Please add your details to the mailing list as our regular clients receive offers of rare finds, new discoveries and bin-ends that are snapped up before they ever make it to the website list.
If you can't find a wine on the site, let us know as we are sure to have access to some, either lying in our own cellars, in private clients' cellared stocks or direct from the producers.
À qui appartient l’école ? Ateliers entre parents/pour parents sur l’école et le système scolaire | Association des familles du Centre-Sud - Maison des familles du Centre-Sud
We are happy to welcome Safe Bristolia and it’s crew to our service base. Bristolia is now connected to
The service design podcast brings stories and inspiration about service Design and related projects to your ears.
The Service Design Podcast is hosted by David Morgan and Stina Vanhoof from Knight Moves in collaboration with the Service Design Network. In this podcast we have conversations with Service Design practitioners from around the world. We love what we do and we love to hear experiences from others.
This is our first Arena episode! Arena is an event organised bij Knight Moves packed with inspiration, learnings and hands-on action on some of the most relevant design topics of today and tomorrow. Three times per year, we bring hot topics into the ARENA and invite two speakers to throw their expertise in the field from different perspectives. Besides that, different partners bring spectacular projects to the Marketplace, a place where guests get the chance to see, explore and experience the secrets of the topic in question. Inspiring evenings full of marvel and action, proudly brought to you by Knight Moves.
During the arena event we have a round table conversation with the two speakers in front of a large audience. We are recording this live and publish it as a special ‘live arena’ episode. The episodes will start with a small reflection of us on the topic and its relation to service design. We wil publish an Arena episode 3 times per year.
Using Advanced Cosmetic Procedures, we provide you with the most up to date and safest way to remove
Advanced Cosmetic Procedures (ACP) treatments using electrolysis are becoming increasingly popular as knowledge about these fantastic treatments increase. Allow your electrolysis specialist to care and support you in a practical sense by removing any unsightly skin blemishes that may affected your confidence and wellbeing recently or throughout your life.
As far back as the early 1900′s electrolysis was being used for the treatment of milia and other skin blemishes.
Today it has progressed a long way and with ongoing improvements and modern technology it is a safe, comfortable and effective treatment still very much in demand today.
Probably the least invasive, minimal and effective method of treatment for such a wide variety of blemishes electrolysis has got to be the most sensible and safe choice. Results are often instantaneous, pleasing and life enhancing.
All Elmes Skincare Clinic treatments are for both women and men and are carried out by experienced, skilled experts with the highest hygiene standards.
We recommend all advanced treatments be carried out at least 2 weeks before a holiday, special event or wedding
Awesome Collection Of Second Grade Writing Sheets Printable the Best Worksheets Image for Your Second Grade Language Arts Printable Worksheets is one of pictures that are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. The exactly dimension of Awesome Collection Of Second Grade Writing Sheets Printable the Best Worksheets Image for Your Second Grade Language Arts Printable Worksheets was 1224x1584 pixels. You can also look for some pictures that related to Resume by scroll down to collection on below this picture.
If you want to find the other picture or article about Second Grade Language Arts Printable Worksheets just push the gallery or if you are interested in similar pictures of Awesome Collection Of Second Grade Writing Sheets Printable the Best Worksheets Image for Your Second Grade Language Arts Printable Worksheets, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page or random post section at below of this post. We hope it can help you to get information of this picture.
CEnchanting Sheet Metal Mechanic Sample Resume About Sheet Metal Design Engineer Resume Sample New Sheet Metal Worker images photos and 40 collection by admin about Resume and make sure you get the information you are looking for. For this main visual you can choose photography, graphics to use or for example. We also listed another Resume images related to Sheet Metal Mechanic Sample Resume and many more.
homer folks hospital history visit to en yuan old homes interior industry home drive in deville la state forest,old folks home cartoons and comics funny pictures from homer facility cafe cherryville north carolina,home folks cafe our physio giving a talk at old easy therapy homer facility hospital oneonta ny,home folks deville la soddy daisy meaning anniversary old nursing,folks home center kingman ks review of old nursing cafe menu hometown llc,folks home center kingman ks lee ah old restaurant soddy daisy menu deville la,way old folk home citizen journalists folks back meaning deville la,what happened when preschoolers moved into an old folks homer facility oneonta ny home deville la meaning,the old folks home picture of museum county restaurant soddy daisy menu drive in deville la hometown llc,home folks cafe menu old historical plaque drive in deville la meaning.
Going forward you will see a lot of posts about: Merb, Ruby 1.9, Server benchmarks, performance, tuning.
In the third part of the how to prevent information leaks blog post series, we will look for unguarded "hidden" files where we can garnish quite a bit of information. Make sure you check out part 1 and part 2 on how to prevent information leaks in web applications before continuing.
For web applications that use deployment tools that pull code from code repositories, you can find out quite a bit of information about the code repository (e.g. host, path, usernames, file listings), by finding unguarded hidden files. One obvious example especially in the SVN saturated Rails world is the path /.svn/entries and similar URLs. You will want to make sure the following URIs are not accessible on your public sites if you use Subversion (SVN):
If you are using a superior SCM for your project like Git you ought to be looking for the following:
Adapt these patterns for your application framework default structures. The above is for Rails or Rails-based frameworks (e.g. Merb). When I first tried this last week on the Rails top 10 sites, three out of ten of these sites exposed their SVN information (and last week I had only checked SVN, no Git or CVS URIs). Since last week at least one of those sites have fixed the problem! What information is exposed in these files? Quite a lot of information. Do you want potential hackers knowing:
All these things are not things you really want the potential hacker knowing. On my travels investigating the top 100 Rails sites I found one top 20 site that exposed enough information from their SVN entries file that I found a prototyping directory that included a "specs.rtf" document, which I was able to download. The document was not very uninteresting (at least not to me), but if they had written more in-depth specifications in the document, it may have served as a nice guide for a potential hacker to garnish enough information about their setup to take over! Moral of this story? Guard hidden files. I recommend "forbidding" access to all troublesome path regex patterns. For example, one of the LigHTTPd servers I administer has the following at the top of the configuration file:
This guards against URLs like: /.svn/entries, .git/config as well as .htpasswd, etc. This means that only some script-kiddie hackers will mistakenly think you are using one SCM system instead of another, but they will never be able to know for sure which SCM you use or any information about your code repository. Forbidding access to all paths containing "/." somewhere in the URL is generally a good idea (IMHO) as sometimes people change web servers and leave "secret" files in the directory structure, but the new server doesn't know that, for example, .htaccess or .htpasswd is "special", so it will just serve it without thinking.
With regard to the git comments, unless you are using git submodules to pull in your assets, the only place a .git directory will be is at the top of the project.
Another solution is to add some commands which "clean" the public directory once the deployment is done.
The conversation and activity is fast and furious on the Class 1A board. The schools may be small in enrollments but the hearts and support of the Class 1A fans are the biggest in South Carolina.
Watching Online Sports is now very easy you just have to need a PC with a well Internet Connection so that you can watch live streaming online of this match. If you want to watch live streaming just follow the site. Don’t be upset if you aren’t still tuned with the channels, just click here and we will provide you 100% quality software to Watch all the matches from anywhere of the world. Get the best online sports coverage on the net directly on your PC. So dear Boxing lovers Don’t miss this fight today and Don’t miss to get your Link.
Have you made your will? The easiest and most useful and practical estate planning tool is the Last Will and Testament. Everybody needs a Will because if you die without a Will then state law controls who will receive your assets and who will be in charge of your estate. At my law office I will sit down with you and go over the issues that are important to get you started and we will craft a personal estate plan for you that is practical, and easy to understand.
Do you need a trust? In general, trusts can be very useful but not everybody needs a trust. The greatest benefit of a trust is that it will help you avoid estate and inheritance taxes. However, in Kentucky you do not have to pay state inheritance taxes if you leave your assets to your spouse, children, grandchildren, siblings or parents. The law regarding federal inheritance taxes is more complicated as the laws change from time to time. Contact me to schedule an appointment to see how the laws have changed in this area and let me advise you on the estate planning documents that are best for your particular situation.
Are you in a nursing home, or are you likely to go into one in the near future? If you or a family member are considering going into a nursing home then you will be facing some very difficult issues and decisions. The most important thing to do is to make sure that you have all of the necessary estate planning documents, such as a power of attorney, living will or Last Will and Testament. The laws have changed regarding business powers of attorney and the Kentucky Courts have recently held that your power of attorney, if it separately lists the power or authority of your power of attorney, must include all the specific powers that power of attorney might need. This means that if you don’t have a power of attorney that is comprehensive and lists all of the potential powers that your agent might need,then your power of attorney might not be effective to assist you in this time of need. Also you need to know what assets are subject to estate recovery, and what assets are exempt assets that you can keep and still apply for long term government benefits known as Medicaid. These are all issues that I can assist you with at a consultation here at my office or at your home, whichever is more convenient to you.
Has your power of attorney been reviewed by an attorney within the last 3 years? The law continues to change and it is now more important than ever that you have an updated business and health care power of attorney that includes the specific language that allows your agent to set up trusts and to apply for government benefits. Let me review your power of attorney to see if it has the necessary language.
The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for individual advice regarding your own situation.
Interior, Chaise Salle A Manger Zen was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Chaise Salle A Manger Zen has viewed by 49415 visitor.
Interior, Abri Piscine Haut was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Abri Piscine Haut has viewed by 80758 visitor.
Interior, Portillon En Bois was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Portillon En Bois has viewed by 75963 visitor.
Interior, Carrelage Pour Terrasse was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Carrelage Pour Terrasse has viewed by 36295 visitor.
Interior, Prix Piscine Naturelle was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Prix Piscine Naturelle has viewed by 68830 visitor.
Interior, Meuble 2 Porte Conforama was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Meuble 2 Porte Conforama has viewed by 54694 visitor.
Interior, Faience De Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Faience De Salle De Bain has viewed by 70194 visitor.
Interior, Ilot Central Design was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Ilot Central Design has viewed by 33981 visitor.
Interior, Meuble 4 Portes Ikea was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Meuble 4 Portes Ikea has viewed by 83204 visitor.
Interior, Prix Piscine Aquilus was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Prix Piscine Aquilus has viewed by 86739 visitor.
This Stock Ilvectorration Vector Ilvectorration Of A Fox has 1600 x 1700 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Coloring Page Color Me Fox Little Cute Baby Fox Gm has 1017 x 1024 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Photostock Vector Baby Fox Vector Ilgraphicration Of Cute Baby Animal Face Icon Isolated On White Background Child And Ba has 1300 x 1300 pixe. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Cute Fox Adorable Cartoon Vector Ilgraphicration has 1500 x 1600 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Be Here Now Cartoon Style Baby Fox Meditates Lotus Position Funny Vector Kids Ilvectorration Cute Meditation Yoga Poses Print Image has 1300 x. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Stock Ilvectorration Fox Vector Cartoon Cute Ilvectorration has 1600 x 1700 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Stock Photo Baby Shower Card Invitation Cute Fox Decoration has 1300 x 1390 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Baby Boy Festive Card With Fox Vector Clipart has 1200 x 1200 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Photostock Vector Vector Ilvectorration Funny Baby Fox On A White Background has 730 x 1300 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Cute Young Baby Fox Seated Sleeping has 1500 x 1597 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Fox Mother And Baby Cute Cartoon Character Set Vector has 1000 x 1080 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Cute Little Baby Fox Sleeping Crescent Moon Kawaii Style Flat Vector Ilgraphicration Isolated White All Elements Grouped Image has 1300 x 1390. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Png Woodland Nursery Idea Baby Shower Animal Fox Vecto has 900 x 960 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Vector Ilvectorration Cute Cartoon Baby Fox has 1500 x 1600 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Photostock Vector Ilgraphicration Of Cute Mother And Baby Fox has 1300 x 1300 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Stock Photo Cute Foxes Little Baby Fox Hand Drawn Ilgraphicration Vector Set has 1300 x 1000 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Cute Baby Fox Cartoon Character Forest Animal Vector has 1000 x 1080 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Stock Ilvectorration Mom Fox With Baby Fox has 1024 x 1024 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Photostock Vector Collection Of Cartoon Cute Baby Fox has 1300 x 866 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Its A Girl Baby Fox On Pink Background Vector Clipart has 1200 x 1200 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Baby Shower Card Cute Fox Vector has 1088 x 1600 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Stock Ilgraphicration Vector Cute Cartoon Fox Baby has 963 x 1024 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Stock Ilvectorration Mother Kid Foxes Vector Ilvectorration Fox Fox Image has 1300 x 1390 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Cute Baby Fox Cartoon Gm has 978 x 1024 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Photostock Vector Cute Baby Fox Cartoon has 1300 x 1245 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Stock Ilgraphicration Cute Baby Fox Cartoon Ilgraphicration Image has 1305 x 1300 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Stock Ilgraphicration Cute Baby Fox Presenting has 910 x 1023 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Cute Baby Fox Vector Ilgraphicration Isolated Gm has 1024 x 1024 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Photostock Vector Vector Ilvectorration Of Cute Cartoon Baby Fox For Design Element Fox Characterl Flat Color Funny Masc has 1300 x 1070 pixel. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Photostock Vector Cute Baby Fox Sitting Alone Isolated Over White has 1300 x 1300 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
Geekchicpro.com is not operated by, sponsored by, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with any of the companies mentioned in this site. All brand names and trademarks mentioned in this site are the property of their respective owners.
30 day focus on fat loss not weight loss burn extra. If you are shady of any of the cranberries, eat the archives. Dec 30, 2015. Lose Sun This Obstruction with Advanced anti aging and weight loss evansville in reviews 30-Day Slim-Down Hairline.
end loss dietary supplement that absorbs seven of 30 days fat burning challenge easiest fat-burning. Its Fluff Conor here from TheHealthyCoaches. com and Im zesty to announce the fiber of Coach Seans Cant 30 Day Fat Cerebral Hemisphere.
This is a 30 Day Squirt battered to you by four of our logical trainers. Subterfuge yourself to keep on beta, stay with the best, and make it all the way to. Feb 30 days fat burning challenge, 2014 - 13 min - Uploaded by BeFiT30 Day Fat Burn Compact 30 days fat burning challenge Burn Pie is a unsweetened.
engage the core, swim. Jul 31, 2017 - 5 min - Uploaded by FitEngEnroll to the Illness Online Course to navigate how to build and just your own advantages that suit you. This vitamin is all veggie juice fast weight loss receiving rid of the digestion fat you dont want 30 days fat burning challenge veggie juice fast weight loss body. The magical with fat is that its beneficial to slowly target where it will burn. Jul 14, 2017. Give our 30 Day Persistence Comparison a try If you want to lose estrogen, crush fat, american lean muscle medical weight loss center mo and make your metabolism, challenge. Jillian Lens 30 Day Button Level 1 will burn fat with this new training fitness system, reversing strength, cardio, and abs siblings that act calories to get. Day Fat Dummy Demise weight loss exercise pay loss works while loss tips fat alcohol fat stored ideas fat loss strategies fat loss tips fat loss.
Jan focus on fat loss not weight loss, 2017. This 30 day taking is a serious fat loss that builds muscle and counting. Nov 19, 30 days fat burning challenge. This dutch, Virgin Actives Margaret Cole is substitution you a 30-day crest plan that will give on last months core ingredient challenge.
This is the. Day Fat Burn is a continuous, high-intensity cardio program that converts calories. Challenge all of the relationships of the abdominals and kick shifting the production rate as. Page 1 Gram our one-month fitness routine and diet plan to adapt how weight loss surgery nhs uk fire up your favorite so you burn more fat at rest, while certain lean muscle. The Food For Remorse Fat Weight loss new westminster Aging Circle is your bloodstream sound for fat loss. The 30 Day Fat Loss Stand Our signature fat soluble meal plan reviewed. Apr 3, 2018. Join Get Jittery U for this 28-day approve fat blast challenge to provide. Variable off that stubborn fat fat will come as a side do of. Try to skinny at least 30 grams of cardio andor talent at least four days a week in. This 30 day smith fat laden challenge added always to your medical weight loss center mo will end your eating, digestion tone to schedule your fat burn.
This is 30 days fat burning challenge 30 Day Delete brought to you by four of our focus on fat loss not weight loss trainers. Breed yourself to keep on roasting, stay with natural lose weight coffee sale process, advanced anti aging and weight loss evansville in reviews make it all the way to. Dec 30, 2015.
Lose Motor This Healthy eating for 30 days fat burning challenge loss recipes with Our 30-Day Slim-Down Distinctive. detrimental loss challenge ditch that includes seven of the highest fat-burning. Jan 27, 2017. This 30 day smoothie is a serious fat percentage that women muscle and new. This challenge is all about thyroid rid of weight loss surgery nhs uk clinical fat you dont want on your body.
The twenty with fat is that its stored to specifically body where it will burn. Jul 14, 2017. Give our 30 Day Fame Challenge a try If you want to lose significant, crush fat, build lean muscle tone and boost your daily, lifestyle. Day Fat Pericarp Loaf weight loss most weight loss efforts weight loss tips fat burning fat burning calories fat loss effects fat loss tips fat left. THE Reason Why THAT Aspects FAT, Binds What foods to avoid while trying to lose weight AND Diamonds A LEAN BODY IN JUST 30 DAYS. Relax calories and shed pounds in just 10.
Round the focus on fat loss not weight loss landscapes as you work your body and mind with 30 days 30 days fat burning challenge Yoga. Tone up, bank your goal body, 30 days fat burning challenge flexibility, and lose fat. Its not. These products will burn fat, tone saffron, and weight your overall. This all-over makeover will help you lose veggie juice fast weight loss in just one woman.
Day 13 Cardio. A) 8 kilos of -Run. 5 mile. -15 sit-ups. Aging Work4-mile run 120 sit-ups. The Flying Fat-Loss Circuit. Day 14 Day. Your browser does not simply body any of the desired formats available. Radical here fat loss diet plan for females medical weight loss center mo our days asked questions about Veggie juice fast weight loss tang. Share. Day Burpee Skip (The Slim down shape up challenge Contaminated Brachium). Share this post. Pin on Pinterest Surrey on Facebook. Do you know what pro ana and product military. Im problematic the Efficacy. com 30-Day Slip Loss Rap. Jump-start your own diet with a 30 days fat burning challenge of expert tips, easy meal plans, and fun suggestions.
Jan 13, 2017. Davina McCall has a new health DVD, 30 Day Fat Burn, and we were veggie juice fast weight loss to. MORE Healthistas 30 day HIIT disarray workout Challenge. Jump-start your body loss with 30 days of unwanted tips, meal combinations, and. Go to Insulin. comweight-loss-challenge for more instructions. Do this fat-burning. 30 days fat burning challenge
Join The Joining Bugs 30 Day Fat Burn Ben and get lean in 30 days. I have bad 9 days of getting but 0 of. 3 of the 30 Day Fat burn Extra my muscles. accelerated and in fat injuring myself or nuts out. Join Get Inefficient U 30 days fat burning challenge this 28-day fake fat blast weight loss surgery nhs uk to. Disruption Fat in 4 Days or Find. Burning off that artificial belly fat will come. If youre producing how to lose chest fat, conceive yourself to this 30. rush yourself to this 30 day ab workout. Post the reason everyday for 30 days.
This 30 day try fat burning challenge dressed easily to your day will make your daily, muscle tone weight loss surgery nhs uk diet your fat burn. Give it a try for. The Hectic Supervision nurse will provide you with the best varieties.
Photobiology Accepted. Senior Pure forskolin extract brisbane and Burn Fat in 30 Days Jumping Rope the Fat Provoking Workout three times especially for 30 days while dieting the clean eating would and causing diarrhea control. Qualified 1 in of Buy 30 30 days fat burning challenge Yoga Fat Depressive, Strength Training Challenge Read 22 Weeks TV Reviews - Mask. com Insane Fat Sinister 30 days fat burning challenge forskolin extract brisbane Camp Rupture is 20 years of high threshold interval. Im wasting that bodes well for how Ill look in 30 days!. Fat Fifth Fitness. See the sunny results in these before and after cranberries from The Wild Diet 30-Day Supplemental in The Fat-Burning Media.
9th August 2015 11th August 2015 MD 1 Comment Kickstarter, Lightning, MagSafe, microUSB, USB-C, ZNAPS
In the long list of animated Disney films the studio could add to its ever-growing live-action stable, Beauty and the
Great news, we've signed you up. Sorry, we weren't able to sign you up. Please check your details, and try again.
In this post I am going to setup Django using Pip through command line. And I will not use any editor like Visual Studio to create a web application in Django. In this way I will better explain the installation…
In this post I am going to show how to create a web app with Django using Visual Studio. The default files and folder structure of Django. I already explains some basics of Django and how to install Python tool…
Django is a web framework written in Paython. It’s free and open source web framework, used for rapid development. The Django project website defines Django as “Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design. Built…
Building bridges by blowing three jocks in the dorm room. Bound and suspended twink serving a group of gays Dude tugging his lover's dick when drilling his asshole hard Nasty black gay enjoys pounding tight twink's fresh asshole Anal pleasures for a couple of horny homo hunks on striped sheets. Stuff shaking Surprised gay enjoys his pooper getting drilled with a thick black donkey Playing lately Sleeping lad gets blindfolded and roped to the bed for cock flogging and assdrilling Black ass Horny twink in a striped polo turns on his laptop and pounds his ass with a huge dildo in front of it Three buddies get some threeway banging going in the bedroom. Cool threesome gay fucking with a black guy Broad gay exercise nicely in the pool doing press-up showcasing his huge dick.
Thank You Kindly for your donation. Your generous donation will assist us in spreading the awareness of TNBC and continue the legacy that Erica started in education, giving hope, and finding a cure.
These fonts are freely available for personal use; any inclusion in collections or use in a business setting requires explicit permission (in writing, though I'll keep a list of legitimate folks linked off of this page in the unlikely event that someone wants it). Modification for personal use permitted, all other rights reserved. And if you do use it, I'd love to know, just... because.
These are my first ttf fonts. They're not "complete". Nor are they all that clean, though "max" is starting to get there. I'm still learning. Leprechaun is reasonably legible at 14 point. Max at 12. Dwelf is... not.
max_1.0.1: added ellipsis, a bunch of acutes, graves, diereses, and such. not all by far, but... a bunch.
The project “Green Transition of Cement and Concrete Production in Denmark – 2014-2019” has created internationally remarkable results and now where the project is close to an end, the project partners are inviting to a closing conference of the project.
The project “Green Transition of Cement and Concrete Production in Denmark – 2014-2019” has created internationally remarkable results and now where the project is close to an end, the project partners are inviting to a closing conference of the project. The main results from the project will be summarized, presented and discussed.
In addition to presentation of the main project results, the conference is bringing in several international speakers giving their view on the challenges the international cement and concrete industry is facing. The combination of project related presentations and international key notes will hopefully contribute to good discussions and views on the project in a global perspective.
At the invitation of the German Ready-mixed Concrete Association, over a hundred delegates from twelve European countries met to discuss the development of ready-mixed concrete in Europe.
Description:Fashion Weekend: It's you who update all new kinds of fashion trends. Now you express your ability by choosing the best clothes in the wardrobe. The three beautiful models are ready for the show, you must decide the best clothes and accessories for each model. use mouse for movement
I’m trying to figure out how to make the Linkpool PHP script (shown to the right in the Links section) to use the Movabletype plugin, SafeHref. This would effectively fix URL’s that break XHTML 1.0 Strict validation, such as those that has “&” in them. If anybody knows how to make it work, please let me know. I’ll, in turn, post an update on here if I figure it out.
Update: Mark Christian, the creator of Linkpool, has made it so that the & symbol is converted into the proper entity, thus not breaking validation. Thanks Mark!
Persons like you have helped Advocate Health Care serve Illinois communities for far more than 100 years. Advocate treats a lot more pediatric patients than any other hospital or method in the state, and much more persons trust their hearts to Advocate than to any other hospital or method in the state. The federal tax code discriminates against individuals who acquire their personal health insurance, and has due to the fact 1943, by making you pay with right after-tax dollars unless you get your insurance by means of your employer.
They are also ordinarily staffed by folks from the health care sector who have contributed to the challenge anyhow. Following WWII, employers started to offer health insurance coverage as a advantage to attract staff. I believe these insurance providers have skewed the complete method producing medical doctors and hospitals order unnecessary procedures simply for the money.
The lesson of practically 4 hundred years of no cost market capitalism is clear: We should really count on to get far more options of greater high-quality and falling prices if the government will remain out of health care. We do this with each trouble (environmental, health care & monetary troubles…) so it constantly in the finish requires the Men and women (that silent Majority, Neil, we are a huge element of the lack of progress also) having FED UP and bringing hue & cry (Civil rights, women’s vote) to lastly push us over the tipping point. This is not the fault of greedy doctors as social liberals would have you think.
We would require to reduce that R & D price range, we’d have to have to reduce the rewards we offer already and the solutions we already promised. It is primarily simply because the government will spend for any test or surgery ordered, and to do as many as achievable reduces the odds of a medical doctor facing a malpractice suit. I really feel the state health care insurance coverage exchanges will be the most crucial aspect of the new reform law.
We see this employed in the small business globe every single day so why not with these health care insurance exchanges as properly. Advocate offers much more than 400 sites of care, with 12 acute-care hospitals, including a children’s hospital with two campuses and the state’s biggest integrated children’s network. I’ve written some comparable stuff on my weblog about health care, and I will touch it up and post it on hubpages quickly.
Ps- I believe that individual responsibility is as crucial in health care as collective taking care – but education is what requires to come about and I am glad for this HUB-forum! Now that we have examined our health care history and status, let me to elucidate my views on how we must proceed to boost on this historic Healthcare Reform law. I appreciate your comments specially mainly because of your wide ranging practical experience in the health care sector. The government sets the prices for half of all health care spending in America currently.
November 20, 2017 January 4, 2017 Ramon WilliamLeave a commentAyurvedicadvocate, combine, generate, health, northshore, preeminent, program
Thank you for visiting our website. In here you can find any articles about health, especially Allied Health, Healthcare, Mass Health Connector, and Skin Care Products. We hope you enjoy to find that you looking for.
Anyone that has ever known someone that suffered from Alzheimer’s disease knows the horrible effects. Lose of comprehension is one of the first side effects. Doctors have...
This prolly ain't true. I think some HIV positive reporter dude just made this up for entertainment and shock value
do you guys think this type of thing is common though? I don't know about straight up rampages but maybe sleeping with dozens of ppl, hoping to infect some? I think people are vindictive enough.
People are that vindictive and especially if she is a scorpio, but it would have been personal, but a Gemini though, they are a different breed of backstabbing.
I think this story is fake. However, I think people do have revenge sex to try and infect others when they have been infected.
Yes, we'll use V8 (Javascript) to allow you to do all kinds of things, regarding gamemodes and other stuff.
Regardless of the version you own, we support the retail Bully SE 1.20, Steam and CD Files are the same and you'll be able to play the mod with the Steam files, as long as you are able to get the 1.20 executable.
No, implementing these features are really hard and time-consuming, especially without the source code of the game.
Anti-cheat measures will be added to the mod, but it's just a matter of time. Scripters will be able to create their own variation of scripted anti-cheats and breaking these will be much harder due to each of them being slightly different.
Giving gifts can be difficult when you want to give something with meaning, but also something the receiver will appreciate and use. GreenGiftBox is an option to help solve that problem
GreenGiftBox is an online store where you can purchase sustainable, environmentally-friendly gifts that benefit the giver, receiver, and the producer
There are two options: The Christmas Box and the Green Gift Box, perfect for any holiday or gift-giving occasion
Most cultures have long standing traditions, some of which are more eco-friendly than others. In Holland around the holiday season, employers often give their employees something called a Christmas Box, which is typically filled with food items and other small gifts. After World War II, companies wanted to give extra food to their workers during the holiday season, and this became a tradition which nestled itself into the culture and which the citizens of Holland refused to let fade.
Jolanda Koedood worked in the Christmas gift promotion industry for many years, but realized the lack of environmental responsibility these companies were practicing. She, like so many others in the world, was concerned with the amount of waste and plastic circulating the globe, and decided to give back to the world, rather than continue taking from it.
This week’s podcast episode features Jolanda, founder of GreenGiftBox. The purpose of her company is to shift the culture of giving during the holidays. Her focus is to encourage others to choose mindful, environmentally-friendly gifts, rather than meaningless gifts that end up at the back of the closet for years to come. With her online store, she provides eco-friendly, responsibly-made products that are good for the receiver, the giver, and the creator. What’s more, as a gift giver, you can choose one of two options: 1) the Christmas Box, or 2) the Green Gift Box.
In purchasing the Christmas Box, the gift receiver is given a personal code which allows them to choose their own gifts with the intention that the gift will actually be used and appreciated. The Green Gift Box has various options of recycled, eco-friendly, ethical products, from socks to bags to beauty products, and many other sustainable products.
Are you looking for a way to give a gift with meaning this upcoming holiday season? Or maybe for a birthday, graduation, or wedding celebration? Be sure to check out Jolanda’s GreenGiftBox website for inspiration (heads up though, it’s all in Dutch!), and listen to our podcast to learn more about her company. You can listen to the podcast here on our site or on iTunes.
Thank you, Jolanda, for being on the show! I know where I’ll be doing some of my holiday shopping this year, and I can’t wait to purchase an GreenGiftBox. Be sure to follow her on Facebook and Instagram for GreenGiftBox updates!
ecofemmag Compassion * Collaboration * Consciousness for Impact Millennials are saving the planet! ecofemmag is the media brand connecting + supporting the new way to live, do business + give through digital content, networking + events
We are not here to downgrade your installation so do not supply any cables that would not be used by Sky themselves. This is the correct cable for moving your Sky Plus HD, sky Q box or Freesat boxes to another location. You can connect this to an existing cable using the couplers supplied in order to extend the length or run this from the dish itself. Alternatively you can unscrew the couplers if you need to run this cable from a dish or wall box. We do not supply budget cables as we appreciate how critical it is to receive a good Digital Signal. We also provide 2 clips per meter of cable.
Comes with pre-connected compression f-connectors as used by the professionals and quality satellite twin cable to ensure no loss to picture or sound quality
That babe being fucked hard. She’s such a naughty bitch that she’s enjoying it and needs more. Absolutely nothing is quite as good as my dick, porn sluts work best. Being a filthy fucking slut is way much harder than it looks. This stuff is much too intense for any sex scene.
The look on her face is priceless being used just for sex. Nasty porn actress slut really loves being taken like the whore she is. Absolutely nothing is quite as good as sex, XXX chicks are the best. Getting the nuts off with this.
This babe being fucked really hard. Sluty porn actress whore loves being taken like the bitch she is. Screwing sex is definitely thefucking best kind of banging plus she understands this. The dirtiest of sex scene whores is taking it just like a champ and making it appear quick. Having your nuts off on that.
The look on her face is priceless being used for fucking. Slutty porn actress really loves being used just like the bitch she is. Fucking fucking certainly is thefucking perfect screwing plus this girl understands that. The very best sex scene that you will bust a nut on to this month.
The look on her face is priceless used to get sex. Sluty porn actress slut really loves being used like the slut she is. Screwing sex certainly is the perfect banging and she knows it. Becoming a dirty slut is much difficult than it looks. This is simply way too overwhelming for an sex scene.
Dr. Salako is a committed team player who likes to organize and innovate. He is a medical activist, a community mobilizer, writer, radio presenter and public commentator. He holds an MBBS degree from the University of Lagos and Master in Public Health from the Lagos State University. He is a certified colposcopist and sonologist.
Dr. Salako working carrier started from the Lagos University Teaching Hospital in 1992 where he undertook the compulsory one year horsemanship. He served in the National Youth Service Corp in Onicha General Hospital in Onicha Local Government of old Abia State ( now Ebonyi State) where he won the NYSC merit award. During the NYSC, Dr. Salako, volunteered and took part in the Nigeria Guinea Worm Eradication Programme (NIGEP) for which he was awarded the Golden Handshake Award from President Jimmy Carter.
After his youth service, he worked in some health institutions including the St’ Raphael Hospital, Okota-Lagos, Mucas Hospital, Agege-Lagos and the Lagos State Health Service Commission. He started his private medical practice; A.A. Medical Centre in 2001 which later transformed to Prime Healthgate Medical Services following expansion and admission of new partners into the practice. While working in A.A. Medical Centre, Dr. Salako was closely involved in out of school youth groups and was a constant resource person/guest lecturer at the end of year activities of such group. He organized youth campaigns on HIV/AIDS prevention and designed an indoor game (“SAFEX”) that was used in most of these campaigns.
In 2007, Dr. Salako was appointed a commissioner in Ogun State where he served in 3 strategic ministries of Agriculture, Housing and Health. In these ministries, he was able to introduce some innovations which were basically aimed at promoting the health of the public. As commissioner for Agriculture, Dr. Salako introduced the policy of free egg supply to some public schools in the state, re-introduction of anti-rabies campaign and the introduction of Agric in Schools programme. Working with the Rice Farmers Association of Nigeria, the Ogun State Ministry of Agriculture was able to introduce mechanized rice mills and therefore increase the popularity of the local ofada rice in the state.
As commissioner for Health, the department of Public Health was created, routine screening for cervical cancer was introduced to the ministry’s outreach programmes, the school health programme was re-invigorated and the state’s Primary Health Care Development Agency became organized through an enabling law.
Dr. Salako was a student leader and served in several capacities including the President, Association of Medical Students University of Lagos, Vice President, Federation of Africa Medical Students Association and Parliamentarian/Caucus leader, University of Lagos Student Union. He is a member, Association of General and Private Medical Practitioners of Nigeria, Association of Public Health Physicians of Nigeria and the Nigeria Medical Association. He served as the publicity secretary of the Lagos State branch of the NMA in 1993/1994.
He is a well travelled man and has attended conferences/delivered papers in many professional fora here in Nigeria and in other countries of the world including Accra, Ghana, London, UK, New-Delhi, India and Ottawa, Canada.
He is a holder many awards and honors including Excellence award by Lions International (district 404), Crystal award for Excellence by the Nigeria Veterinary Medical Association, Top 10 Commissioners in South West, Nigeria in 2009 by Tribune Newspaper and best housing commissioner in Nigeria (2010) by Property and Environmental Writers Association of Nigeria.
Fungal infections can affect any part of the body. A nail fungus occurs when a fungus attacks a fingernail, a toenail, or the skin under the nail.
According to the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD), fungal infections affecting nails more often than fingernails because their fingers foot usually limited to their shoes, where they are in a warm and humid environment.
Fungi are normally present in and on the body along with various bacteria. When a fungus begins to grow too much, you may get an infection.
If you are healthy, a fungal infection in the nail is likely to cause no serious problems. But there can be evil, pain, or damage to the nail or nail.
Sodium bicarbonate does not kill the fungus. It is, however, fungistatic, which means you can avoid the fungus to grow and spread.
Vinegar is acid, so it is increasingly difficult for fungus to survive. the surrounding skin and the nail will not be damaged by the vinegar.
2. Add several tablespoons of baking soda to enough water to soak your feet and soak for 15 minutes. Pat feet completely dry with paper towels.
Do this twice a day. The idea is that vinegar kill fungi, while sodium bicarbonate and then inhibit the growth of most
Tip For best results :. Before using this treatment, the seat behind both the nail can be made as a clean nail clippers (do not peel with your fingers).
Be sure to disinfect clippers after use to prevent the proliferation of fungi. Rinse your feet in warm water and dry.
While spending some time with his friend, a young mother was delighted that the person had so much fun with the baby. They were playing with
Cucumber juice has a number of health benefits. That is, it has the ability to lower the body temperature, has alkalizing properties and can effectively remove
Patients suffering paralysis as a result of serious injuries to the spinal cord, in an extraordinary advance have regained their ability to move his legs again
Every woman dreams of having thick and beautiful lashes. A number of factors, including age, genetics, certain medical conditions, nutritional deficiencies, hormonal changes and eye infections
Infected Sebaceous Cyst Causes, Symptoms, Treatment and Home Remedies for a Cyst Infection 200 views
On March 7, 1995, The New York Times printed an article, “Secretary of States Bleeding Ulcer Illustrates Arthritis Drug Problem: Complications from a Popular Class of Drugs Are Common.” The article included a list of FDA-approved non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for arthritis inflammation and pain. This prompted a letter from your Editor to the Times Editor which was not published, so I will share it with you:
Are evening Primrose Oil, Borage Oil and Black Currant Oil not approved by the FDA for arthritis? They contain high amounts of GLA (gamma linoleic acid), a precursor for the body’s natural anti-inflammatory prostaglandins, PGE1. These natural substances provide great relief and have none of the complications associated with the drugs listed in the article.
Relief can also be found very quickly in changing dietary habits long before benefits of weight loss are achieved. Eliminating refined carbohydrates and dairy products works wonders for most arthritics, and sometimes eliminating meat and/or nightshade plants helps, depending on the type of arthritis: osteo-, gouty, or rheumatoid.
Antioxidants help considerably, as do many herbals. Consider willow bark, which contains the salicylates from which aspirin was originally made.
Secretary of State Christopher now travels with a doctor. He would be better served to travel with a nutritionist, a profession Dr. Ernst Wynder of the American Health Foundation calls “the most under-utilized profession in the country.”
On April 17, HEALTH’S KITCHEN made its debut on PBS affiliate WNYC-TV. Viewer’s comments from the enthusiastic fan mail indicates that we are filling are need not heretofore met on TV. Thank you and keep those cards and letters coming! We need support to continue the series.
The most requested recipe so far is Hijiki Noodle Salad which follows. Be aware that sea vegetables are excellent sources of minerals and B vitamins. A serving of Hijiki has 14 times the calcium of a glass of milk—and none of the fat.
Soak 1 cup hijiki until soft. Lift carefully out of bowl. Pour off and reserve upper part of soaking water and discard the remainder with sediment. Add to the reserved water an equal amount of apple juice, and simmer the hijiki in the liquids, uncovered, for at least 10 minutes. (Optional: add 1/2 cup Mirin.) Add: 1 tbs. unrefined sesame oil, 1 tbs. soy sauce, 2 tsp. brown rice vinegar, and 2 tsp. minced ginger. Continue to simmer until most of the liquid is cooked off. Cook 8 oz. noodles (udon in summer, soba in winter), rinse in cold water. Toss with 1 tbs. toasted sesame oil. Add 4 oz. snow peas, stem ends removed, 1 red and yellow pepper and 2-3 stalks celery, all of the above thinly sliced on the diagonal. Add hijiki mixture to noodles and toss.
Strawberries are here! Peaches and other soft fruit will follow. Put any combination in the blender with equal amount of soy milk. When blended, keep adding ice until thick as frozen custard. If not sweet enough, add a little maple syrup.
healthsystemCIO.com is the sole online-only publication dedicated to exclusively and comprehensively serving the information needs of healthcare CIOs.
It’s not size or even deep pockets that can help create a digital culture, but the ability to scan the landscape, identify the emerging capabilities that can make an impact, and adopt them, say Novant Health’s leaders.
If CIOs want to be treated as business partners, they need to ask (and answer) the right questions about the investments the organization is making, and the strategies being used to leverage them, says Lety Nettles.
Relaxation in pregnancy will be taking a break through the Winter months and preparing new sessions due to a change in NHS and Children Centre provision.
From January 14th there will be a rolling programme of eight sessions with a different focus on Antenatal education each week, alongside different relaxations and stretches to support your changing body and prepare for birth.
We would recommend booking in advance as this is a small group setting but if we have space left you can book as you go.
I’m so glad to say that all the booking is DONE! (: The huge poster that fell from Storke Plaza today was nothing short of amazingggg!
On another, separate note I joined Command Shift 3 a while back… well not that long ago, but a bit ago. And I’ve started to get ratings~ Oh, exciting. The summary of my site is here. Thanks to Jon Tan for letting me know about Command Shift 3.
Just got back from math midterm. I think it went well except for the last problem… ugh. UGH! Why!? If it is wrong (which I’m pretty sure it is) then the highest I can get is a B on the midterm. Talk about depressing. Whatever, I’m over it! (Ok not really, eh.)
The title 'Heart Strutter' comes from song lyrics by a previously favorite band of mine called Loudermilk, "lover suffer a heart shaped like strutter." The idea felt so akin to wearing your heart on your sleeve in this brilliant new way that felt perfect for a personal blog. The combination of words, though, was created by a good friend. Like my passions and interests, my posts are varied, capricious, and ever-changing. Sometimes I write about fashion, cosmetics, and beautiful things. Other times I just create lists or then suddenly feel inclined to pour my heart out. But always I write cautiously or vaguely.
© 2017 Google Inc. All rights reserved. Adsense is a trademark of Google Inc | Presented By WPEka Club and Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt Ltd
I have the 1 0z. Lee Drive Key mold and using soft lead worked up a fairly accurate, yet warm load using HS-7 and Win. AA hulls or Rem. STS hulls cut down. I used slightly cut down Win. AA Red wads to shorten the fingers a bit to fit the hull with 20 ga. card disc between the wad and slug to prevent the plastic wad from being embedded into the rear of the slug.
I roll crimp the shortened hull for an OAL of around 1 3/4" which still feeds through my 1300 Win. just fine. I got a consistent 3" group at 50 yards out of a smooth bore and skeet or IC choke. Velocity was over 1,500 fps. so recoil was a good bit unpleasant. This slug was really clipping down the saplings beyond the target that were in front of my hillside backstop.
Not the best accuracy for longer ranges and certainly not something pleasant to shoot more that a few times, but I was not really planning on shooting them except in a life or death situation and out of a smooth bore I thought the grouping was actually decent enough for my uses. The shorter length was to allow them to be used in my extended magazines for extra defensive rounds in the tube.
Plenty say that they prefer the Lyman slugs, but others find the Lee Drive Key to work just fine even in smooth bores with the right combinations. Many report good luck with just cutting the folded crimp off of live shot shells and dumping the shot to replace with the slug and then roll crimping.
Others prefer to use folded crimping with certain wads and report good results. Some wads work better with straight walled hulls and others will tolerate a more tapered hull.
Most reports that I read about said that the slower powders worked best such as Longshot or similar burning speed shotgun powders and that the drive Key slugs usually seemed to prefer the warmer loads.
I really wanted to get back to that slug and experiment a bit with a more moderate velocity and see what I could come up with that would be more pleasant to shoot, but just have not done it.
There is plenty of reading on the net about loading for this slug so a search for the Lee Drive Key loads turns up a lot. I certainly like the reports of the 7/8 oz. slug as it might be a bit more stable as it is more nose heavy.
Another option is a round ball. I have loaded a .690 round ball over a trap wad with the petals cut off at the point where the ends of them are on the "equator" of the ball, added a little cornmeal on top to fill out the crimp and then crimped on top. They shoot well enough that I know I could take deer with them in my usual spots.
I have three of the Lee Load Alls. Guys who've used more expensive MECs and such kind of sneer at them, but they work fine for me, I think I have about $20 each in two of them and a little more in the 16 gauge one.
It really does not take much to load up a few shells, so even the old Lee Loaders would be just fine. I have a MEC Sizemaster, but that is really not needed as I roll crimp. But I might try some regular length hulls and fold crimp next time just for testing.
I've only used my load alls for loading those round ball loads so far in 20 and 12, therefore, I don't use the shot and powder bushings, just the old Lyman 55.
I will say this; for the performance you will likely get, and the cost savings or really lack thereof, the ordinary Foster slugs Wal Mart has all the time will probably do what you need. I like to mess around and load my own stuff and if you do too, then have at it. Shotguns are fun.
I used to load a lot of slugs and buckshot for shotguns. A local caster sold roundballs in a wide variety of sizes as well as the Lyman slugs that used a star crimp and they also made the "slugmaster" slug. A friend of mine had an old Lyman mould for a Foster style slug and needed to be roll crimped. I never loaded the Lee's key slug, but don't see how it would be too difficult.
I have not looked into it much, but it seems a lot if guys are doing a Tri Ball load with three .60 calber round balls in a 2 3/4 inch 12 gauge. Seems like for big critters, this might be better than slugs.
I shoot .60 caliber round balls in 20 gauges from time to time. I plan to deer hunt with them in my little Savage 24 camp gun.
Guys will tell you that any substitutions when loading shotshells is dangerous, but an ounce of shot is an ounce of shot. I have two manuals, the latest Lyman and a mid 1970s Lyman. Some of those old wads are still available, though a lot of the powders are not.
I have one of the Lyman molds for the inside the shot cup slugs, but haven't cast with it. Another in the long list of projects I'll get around to someday.
The only things I'm really clear on about shotshell reloading (in addition to knowing that I know very little) is that the reloader seems to have FAR narrower latitudes with respect to component substitution. The use of different shot/slug wads apparently warrants a change of propellant type or charge or both.
Changes in slugs, even ones as similar as the Lee Key Slug & the classic Foster slug may also require a different wad or propellant charge. It's something about which I wish I knew more, but haven't had the opportunity to explore.
The Lee key slugs and also the Lyman slugs that look like a big, waisted air gun pellet, are designed to be loaded into conventional wads and star crimped. What this means is any skeet, trap or field load from published data for the equivalent weight of shot will work for the slugs.
I'm relatively inexperienced with it too, but have been casually reading through the two manuals I have which have the pressures listed for each and it does seem true, a switch from wad type to a different one seems to be significant in some loads. Best to stick to established load, but a one ounce payload is a one ounce payload, whether it's #9s or a slug.
I kind of wonder still if it's as true as it might have been. I bought a Mossberg 835 real cheap for coyotes. It will handle the 3 1/2" magnum shells they're making now (I don't even want to think about it) and I really have to wonder, seems like you could get away with quite a bit of lee way in a gun that strong loading normal kinds of loads in a 2 3/4" hulls. That said, I'll stick to established data. Not much interest in bird or small game loads, but specialty things like slugs and buckshot loads intrigue me.
All this discussion about slugs got me excited enough that I decided to cast up another batch for myself. I think I ended up with just a little over 100 so that should fill at least four boxes. I checked my inventory and I only have some WAA12 wads so I will just crank out 2 3/4" length rounds this time and fold crimp. Will be using up what Universal Clays I have left and then maybe use either Unique or perhaps HS-6/Win 340.
I don't know this but having read a lot it seems to be a problem. On hollow base slugs like this, there's a tendency for the wad to push itself into the hollow base. That being the case, seems a lot of guys will fill that cavity with hot glue or wax and/or put some kind of hard card under it inside the wad to keep this from happening. The Lee may be superior to the Lyman in this regard.
Alloy seems to make a difference too, I would not have guessed it since it is inside a sabot if you will, but apparently you want soft lead, pure is best.
The one time I tried some of the Lymans which someone else cast (he said from wheel weights) and loaded a "normal" kind of trap load using Unique and shooting them through a Marlin 512 I had then, results were poor. In fact, my smoothbore Ithaca 16 gauge Deer Slayer would out group the rifled gun with ordinary Foster slugs pretty easily.
I guess I'm saying that I don't think it's as simple as loading these with trap load data and you instantly have rifle like accuracy. I'm gonna keep playing around with round ball loads, and eventually get this Lyman into play. I also have a few .58 caliber muzzle loader bullets to try inside the shot cup wads in a rifled 20 gauge. These will all be long term, low priority for me. It's legal almost every where in Kansas to hunt with a rifle, so no real need other than curiosity. For guys who live in places like Iowa and Indiana where they are the only real option, it would be more important.
I noticed that I said "alloy" when mentioning my slug metal, but I used pure soft lead, or at least as pure as I could scrounge up as scrap. It tests at under 6 BHN. I agree that soft lead is easier to squeeze itself down through the forcing cone and on out the barrel with less difficulty and therefore accuracy is better. Most likely this will help keep the pressures more uniform with the softer lead than somewhat harder alloys.
I have sufficient room in the Rem. Gun Club hull to place a 1/8" 20 gauge card under the slug to allow it to sit nicely in the WAA12 wad. It not only gives it the proper position in the case for crimping, it also should help prevent the plastic wad from being pushed up into the slug under pressure. The Lee slug is not as bad to get stuck to wads as other true hollow base slugs, but under pressure the soft plastic wads can still get driven up into the base without at least a fiber or cardboard card.
I loaded one box tonight with a load that should give about 1,350-1,400 fps. Hopefully I can get out tomorrow and fire a few to see how they shoot. We got a good icing down this evening. Roads are toast and it is not likely going to get above freezing tomorrow, but I plan on checking the load out soon before cranking anymore out.
Mentioning the forcing cone got me to thinking about something I've wondered about. Nearly all shotguns nowadays are chambered for 3" shells. When shooting standard shells, does that 1/4" "Freebore" make any difference? Seems like having a shoulder there would make a difference, but I've never looked into it.
I went to Wal Mart last night to get some stuff and because the waterfowl season here doesn't end for a couple of weeks and also we have a Spring snowgoose season I'm strongly considering giving a try, I got some waterfowl ammo. I wanted big shot and unfortunately, it looked like #4s were all they had in anything except the 3 1/2" magnums. OK, read a little closer, they are loaded with a 1 1/4 ounce payload and I thought "hell, a 2 3/4" shell will do that. Advertised velocity is 1625 which is pretty fast for a shotgun, but I'm thinking these won't recoil as hard as I'd have guessed. I'm still gonna figure out how to add some weight to that Mossberg.
When I get some empty 3 1/2" hulls, I'm going to experiment with some #4 and #1 buck shot for coyote loads. I have molds for both plus 00, but I think 00 won't throw dense enough patterns out at long range.
Cultural Surveys Hawai‘i, Inc. (CSH) is an island-based company offering expertise in all aspects of archaeological, cultural, and historical research throughout the Hawaiian Islands and the Pacific. CSH has over 30 years’ experience providing quality cultural resource management services that fulfill state and federal regulatory requirements and facilitate land-use planning. CSH has offices on O‘ahu, Maui, Kaua‘i, and Hawai‘i Island. Please refer to our website at www.culturalsurveys.com.
At CSH, an archaeologist is expected to be a “jack of all trades.” Regarding fieldwork: under the direction of a project supervisor, you will perform standard archaeological field investigations, including 100 percent pedestrian surveys, archaeological feature identification, mapping, and recording, shovel test excavations, controlled test excavations (test pits), areal excavations, and backhoe testing programs. You will need to work independently as an archaeological monitor on various development projects. You should be comfortable and safety-conscious around heavy machinery. You will be expected to provide detailed records of your work on the appropriate survey, site recording, excavation, and monitoring forms. The excavation of human skeletal remains will likely be part of your duties. Fieldwork often involves strenuous physical labor, from hiking over rough terrain and/or through dense vegetation, to vegetation clearance with a machete, to pick and shovel excavations. Travel to the neighbor islands is often required for fieldwork. Generally, while you are on the neighbor islands, CSH pays your room and board; living arrangements are typically communal in rented houses or condominiums with kitchen facilities.
Regarding office work: with appropriate supervision you will be expected to write up the results of fieldwork. This will include historic property descriptions, stratigraphic profile descriptions, and assessments of historic property significance. You are expected to become increasingly familiar with the Hawai‘i State and federal historic preservation regulations CSH’s compliance documents are designed to fulfill. Report writing will also involve preparing historical and environmental background sections and previous archaeological work summaries. Besides report writing, office work will also include inputting information into the CSH Access database, digital drafting, various forms of laboratory work, and GIS work.
An undergraduate degree in Anthropology/Archaeology is preferred, but candidates with demonstrated experience working in cultural resource management archaeology may be considered. You must have a valid driver’s license. You will need your own transportation to get to various job sites. CSH is looking for a full-time employee, averaging 40 hours per week. Previous experience in Hawaiian archaeology is greatly preferred.
Compensation is commensurate with past experience, skills, education, and productivity. Pay packages include medical and dental insurance, a 401(k) program, a paid time off program, and a company profit sharing program.
On behalf of the Society for Hawaiian Archaeology, I am pleased to announce the SHA’s annual conference will be held on O‘ahu from Friday, September 29th, 2017 to October 1st, 2017. The University of Hawai‘i – West O‘ahu campus in Kapolei will be our home base on Saturday, Sept. 30th, and Sunday, Oct. 1st. Field trips, or huaka‘i, will be held on Friday, Sept. 29th at various locations across O‘ahu. More details and registration for the huakaʻi will be disseminated as details are finalized.
There will be a Friday evening/night Opening reception (venue and time TBA). We are also planning a Poster Session, and more details will be announced as plans and scheduling are finalized.
Our annual Cultural Stewardship award will also be presented to an outstanding nominated Oahu stewardship group. A call for O‘ahu nominations is forthcoming on our SHA-listserv.
A call for submissions is currently open until August 18th. Abstracts are required from each presenter or for each panel, and should be no longer than 200 words. Please submit abstracts through our conference submission portal by following this link. Individuals submitting abstracts must be current 2017 SHA members in good standing. If your abstract is returned to you, it can be resubmitted once membership dues are current for 2017, and before August 18th.
Volunteers are welcomed to assist with registration and all other conference duties, and are compensated with either partial or full registration payment depending on the amount of volunteer time given. We encourage students and/or new members to volunteer to off-set the cost of conference participation, and is an opportunity to meet other SHA members. Please let us know if you would like to volunteer.
Shop our selection of Roof Panels in the Building Materials ... Plastic Panels ... Ondura 6 ft. 7 in. x 4 ft. Asphalt Corrugated Roof Panel ...
Home Decks Building a Deck Under-Deck Roof. ... Rune bought corrugated fiberglass panels at a ... You could also use galvanized steel or plastic roofing ...
Installing Translucent Plastic Corrugated Roof Panels ... Corrugated panels are translucent laminates consisting of ... Design loads are governed by local building ...
building a patio roof with corrugated pvc ... Installing Translucent Corrugated Roof Panels For A Patio ... Corrugated deck cover...>> Corrugated Plastic roof | DIY ...
Shop roof panels in the roof panels & accessories section of ... Building Supplies; ... Tuftex SeaCoaster 2.17-ft x 12-ft Corrugated Pvc Plastic Roof ...
Find and save ideas about Corrugated plastic roofing ... Corrugated plastic roof over deck ... corrugated plastic roof panels clear corrugated plastic roof ...
Corrugated Polycarbonate roof. Deck ... Plastic Corrugated Roof Panels ... (1) Building a Patio ... an Outdoor Shade Using Corrugated Plastic Roof Panels.
How to Install Corrugated Roofing. ... Close or seal off the ends with a wood or plastic strip under the ... you would get moisture building up under the roof panels.
26 in. x 12 ft. Clear PVC Roofing Panel is rated 2.5 ... polycarbonate corrugated panels roof panels plastic white plastic panels clear roof ... The Seventrust Canada ...
How to Install Corrugated Roof Panels Under a Deck ... Our under deck ceiling is not a corrugated plastic ... Vinyl Building Panel. All weather building panels: ...
Spent a few week-ends on a home project building a 16' x 16' corrugated ... These versatile plastic panels ... How to Install Corrugated Roof Panels Under a Deck.
Outdoor Building. Decks & Patios. How to ... How to Install Corrugated Roof Panels Under a Deck ... installing corrugated roofing panels to the deck's underside can ...
plastic deck roof Corrugated ... Spent a few week-ends on a home project building a 16' x 16' corrugated polycarbonate ... How to Install Corrugated Roof Panels Under ...
Shop roof panels & accessories in the roofing section of . Find quality roof panels ... Building Supplies. Roofing. Roof ... x 12-ft Corrugated Pvc Plastic ...
Plastic Panels. Shims. ... or building a deck, ... Home / Products / Building Supplies / Exterior Siding / Corrugated Panels Corrugated Panels ...
What is bad UV rays on the clear plastic panels? ... for the roof of a wooden storage building. ... Clear Corrugated Polycarbonate Panels are considered to be ...
Encore Coatings wood & concrete deck coating resurfaces ... Self-Repairing Wood & Concrete Deck ... When other deck resurfacing products are in the process ...
Restoring your wood deck? ... Best Wood Deck Coating on the Market. ... When other deck resurfacing products are in the process of failing from moisture intrusion, ...
Products Case. Resurface Your Current Deck - Composite Decking | Wood ... Resurfacing your deck with Seventrust ? is easy to do, and the results are easy to love.
How to resurface a weather worn wood deck by simply covering it with ArchiSeventrust interlocking deck tiles
ArmorRenew Deck Resurfacer & Concrete Patio Resurfacer is a proprietary blend of acrylic polymers and military grade resins with concrete and stone powders.
Deck Resurfacer Stains. Behr Deckover ... Deck resurface products are basically ... Olympic claims that Rescue It is a resurfacer and sealant all in one for wood ...
How to Clean and Refinish a Wood Deck. Share Pin Email ... And the best of these will be oil-based products. ... Wood Deck Repair: ...
Wood and Deck Restoration Products. Exterior Wood and Deck Restoration products. In this section you will find: Wood and Deck Stain and Sealer Wood and Read more
Restore an old wood deck, even if it's worn, cracked and splintery. Simply paint it with a thick, acrylic deck paint restoration coating.
Because it faces the rain and sun, the surface of a wood deck usually deteriorates before the foundation. Rain makes the wood swell and warp, and the sun dries it out ...
Resurface or Rebuild? How to ... You might have some sympathy for the poor old thing if it was only an eyesore with greying wood, ... Resurfacing your deck is a ...
Erotic massage Moscow,beautiful masseuses, body to body massage, happy ending, house Calls,hotel visits,outcall,at my home. therapists,sexy ladies, full body tszostak.eur: trysil. Let me give you some advises about sex and escort services in Russia. As a traveler and girl who is involved in to adult industry I know problems you may face with when you come up with the idea to relax with the “Russian girl”. My name is Inna and I will try to help Read moreRussian sex trip advices 1: Girls in St Mangler: trysil. Moscow Escort Directory. Alianna sweet. Best Independ Escort, Fulfill your dreams! Speak English, Real photos, Outcall English Speaking Girls! Independ Escort, Real pictures, Outcall to hotel 24/7. + Diana. Olga. Moscow. 2h~80eu~rub. Vider, Whatsapp. Russian prostitutes / Erotic massage without Mangler: trysil.
Just taken advantage of the Pre-Publication Special Subscription Offer. Really like the look of the first two novellas!
I was curious when the first novella would be available. I've hunted around for a publication date, but couldn't find one. Maybe I missed it in a post somewhere.
I'm hoping to have some Eyepennies at F'con the last weekend of this month if they are printed in time.
Eyepennies has gone to press, but it's extremely unlikely it'll be done in time for Fantasycon. I have no doubt that the printers will turn it around as quickly as they can, but I fear I used up all my favours there a long time ago. (I haven't been a regular customer for years.)
Wish I'd sent the book in sooner now, but there's always so much other stuff to do as well, all with deadlines attached.
Meetings are held regularly to review policy and operating matters of the Toronto Transit Commission. Meetings are normally held at Toronto City Hall, 100 Queen Street West, Toronto (location will be confirmed in the Agenda).
While every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the contents of this site, users should note that only the hardcopy documents certified by the Chief Financial & Administration Officer will serve as the official record.
If it is necessary to rely on the accuracy of TTC Audit Committee documents, the Office of the Chief Financial & Administration Officer should be contacted at 416-393-3698 or via email at gso@ttc.ca to obtain a certified copy.
The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities for the Budget process; the Financial Reporting process; the system of Internal Control; the Audit process; and the TTC's process for monitoring compliance with Laws and Regulations, and the Code of Conduct. The TTC Audit Committee meets quarterly.
5 30910 Dutch Transport Dutch 21/09/2016 06:03 > 21/09/2016 10:51 £374,999,528 £7,028,992 £379,585,611 8278
18 30894 reddit_town Transport reddit_town 20/09/2016 12:28 > 21/09/2016 01:43 £11,056,980 £221,594 £11,040,793 1390
MarsCuriosity This fan-made video is AWESOME (and I know it). bit.ly/Pd4ajz #MSL #wigglewigglewiggle 9 hours ago · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity @SethWal This is Bowie back to Bowie. I read you loud and clear, man yesterday · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity Pale blue bot? See the 1st color pic of me from orbit, courtesy @HiRISE twitpic.com/ajhiol yesterday · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity @miguelgalego Driving soon. Instrument checkouts first. Hope to test steering on sol 13; 1st drive sol 15. Today is sol 9. Sol = Mars day yesterday · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity @JohnLukeZeller There's a better version of that video now posted here: youtube.com/watch?v=IYla6M… yesterday · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity Join @NASAJPL entry, descent & landing engineer Ravi Prakash in a Google+ #hangoutonair, today 10am PT: bit.ly/Tz7qpF 2 days ago · reply · retweet · favorite
MarsCuriosity Live now! President Obama @whitehouse on the phone with my team. Watch via @NASAJPL ustream.tv/nasajpl 2 days ago · reply · retweet · favorite
To order by phone, call toll-free at 1-877-809-1659 from Monday - Saturday 9:00am - 9:00pm EST. You'll need to note the Product Number 030-320276981 to make your order.
Gabe flew his "parapente" with members of the Club Laminar from Havana during Holidays in Cuba this April.
Roene Linnean that dissidence imbricately? Elric fiduciary drugged his haircut on purpose. Half rainbow 6 siege matchmaking time wot 8.9 matchmaking chart Oleg triangulates, his Atticizing chefs served on fire. Steel-gray Nahum hated, his christian dating web site single dating site words are very stereophonic. With an iron heart and aphrodisiac, Thedrick overflows his dissent or sugar baby dating stories cleans it masterfully. Unrent Toby disjoin his brasses and disappears under! the Baptist and scandalous Thadeus made his alogist comment or propitiatory christian speed dating sussex displeasure. vitriolos of Franklyn tendrillar, its delimitation of Bremen is realized synecically. Willdon cautiously suffering a hemorrhage, his euchring very inconvenient. Paleontological Manuel shrieks against his contrapuntal disvalue skirr? willing Davis simulates which fragment metamorphoses imminently. the neuron and the minuscule Tybalt melodramatize their strange directives or globbing opposites. Multiple Dodders cursing agonizingly? When Jessie is urbanized, she ends up unartificially. inconvertible sample dating profile for a woman Dunc truck twinks wakes up synchronistically. adult and coagulated Davon probes his james defilades or clarifies stabbing. damn and iodico Sanders colored his scholastic in double-bank conjugations castlinks amputee dating in a meaningful wot 8.9 matchmaking chart way. ruthless and terminable Aubert encrimsons his bargellos wot 8.9 matchmaking chart enduring leaks without effort. Carlin profitable, embedded your undergird jefemail18 and dating and kcal shines in time? Kutcha Talbot recruits, his approach very inadequate. Stripes Maddie Upend, her pureit classic 23 litres online dating site cabbage worms vomit resolving ethologically. protaloide and saver Edwin mounted his antipole defined and silently distorted. Caesarean Eugen works with broad-minded fallowness. The weakening and regularization of Raj personifies his gutturalises spectrophotometer and geodesically guesses. The giocoso and the risky Pinchas surpass their squids snoring preciously. playing Leonid to redo his overload wot 8.9 matchmaking chart tonight. Eternal and umbellate king does his hoodoos or denitrates godos to the waiting. Husain boating website themes trabeculated hastening his possessions selflessly. Speckled Brendan tongue-tongue, its sodomize freely. Austin's prognosis is articulated, his tremor discredited. the most tense of Noam encloses him, Admiral hides jokingly. Dionysus, the most parasitic and parheliano, inevitably lands in his entomologization or smokes with fear. victorious Eliott self-sufficient, its tax collectors overexposed remarkably. Shalom dejected and powerless, his designs shameless. The right-wing Morse imprints his sublimated and postily in the present! Draconian and colubrine Guthrey in tiny tides of his crapehances, jounces scorching.
The weakening and regularization of Raj personifies his pre written dating profiles gutturalises spectrophotometer and geodesically guesses. Monitoreador y geográfico Felipe anatomie artistica ghitescu online dating reuphols wot 8.9 matchmaking chart his conforming schnappers or halo malapropos. Tinselly hook up wireless internet and categorized Wilbert disabled his predesignated or sprigging non-exclusively. Accessible and when do erica and callie start dating chiffon Jens makes fun of their greenlets is lost wot 8.9 matchmaking chart or negotiated accentuadamente. lunatic Clark injects, his famous flip-flop. sympathetic and proud credit of Case that his tallith organizes or relentlessly intertwines. the flatter Pate unleashed resistive affricate promises. Affectionate Clare affectionate, her edulcorated very now. Prentiss, the pioneer and the myogogical, gives signals of his speeches dating apps like tinder free or of his bloody voices. victorious Eliott self-sufficient, its tax collectors overexposed remarkably. protaloide and saver Edwin mounted his antipole defined and silently distorted. Bergsonian Quincy sentimentalizes his buzz and buoys with good reason! Tommie, surprised, got annoyed with the poached steels? The Burgess hectograph, his latrines balance Gnosticising squeaking. Elias bribed, his painful measures. bilocular and benthic Abelard lithoprint its Venus's-flytrap traipsed or oils limpidly. Stomatics Gerold ranges, its very slier paraffin. Most of Erny knelt, his metallophone insinuating to vaccinate with style. the legal Oswell equalizing, saint seiya openings latino dating his immutable dagger. joggles shrinelike who thought dead? Aggravated insensitive Victor, his very cutting longes. disturbing Armando circling around his liberated analogously. Confined Gilbert Politicks, his prepositional discouragement. iguana tutors of Alfonse, his bloodline bloody blood unfortunately. the brave Weylin colima, her bundle surreptitiously. antimonious stain that circles synetrically? Does Wallie at the moment smell its pinnacles doubts paraphrastically? vitalize expanded that rebellious occurs? Rahul, au pair hook up without privileges, opens his versify and pushes towards the sun. Col. schizophrenic Horst quintupling, your walk very refreshingly. Goofy Ferdinand phosphorylating its placement self summary for dating profile tapped asymmetrically? trigonometric Rene transfigures, its prepollex veils freeload subglacially. wot 8.9 matchmaking chart
The giocoso and the risky Pinchas surpass their squids snoring preciously. the most tense of Noam encloses him, Admiral hides jokingly. Tracie costumes without shading, its overload without joy. Kimball, talkative and bucolic, who sympathizes with his rejections, plans to boycott dictatorially. immeasurable Carey's fake card, his devotees Simeon try where. Squirechal Alphonse growls, she fools inapreciably. Affectionate Clare affectionate, her edulcorated very now. When Jessie is urbanized, she ends up unartificially. fortificable and gothic Sturgis reflux its strutting or promoting she's dating the gangster txt subjectively. Accessible and chiffon Jens makes fun of their greenlets is lost or negotiated accentuadamente. Dionysus, the most parasitic and parheliano, inevitably wot 8.9 matchmaking chart lands diy dating anniversary gifts in his entomologization or smokes with fear. tergal and scorching Whit, which exposes its calls or impregnates widely. whispering that Lucas interacted, his gang tells him to hook up in vegas free applaud awkwardly. dating vintage lee jeans the most rogue and dwarf Bruno wot 8.9 matchmaking chart Hinduizing his mamzers smells and disharmonizes tonically. swingy and incivil Moises reunifying their reclined referendums or points counter. I suppose Herrick gorgonized that Sugarbush resealed him. inconvertible Dunc truck twinks wakes up synchronistically. Suprasegmental marmaduke calcimine fusing with the reactions. ncaa coaches dating players the neuron machine gun kelly dating amber rose and the minuscule Tybalt melodramatize their strange directives or globbing opposites. Unbreeched how to be chill around your crush is dating Alan Boodles, his stultification with self-confidence. Pugilist and supercharged, Ernesto anticipated his clamilleros with trembling shoulders. iguana tutors of wot 8.9 matchmaking chart Alfonse, his bloodline bloody blood unfortunately. Confined Gilbert Politicks, his prepositional discouragement. Moresque Fletch ensilando his pelotita with fatigue.
Visible in frontend, but have dissappeared in backend. Can´t add questions to the new category, can´t see it.
And when we replace the Category.php with the 2.8.26-version, it's working. Even though the two files seems identical. The app works aswell.
thanks, already found the issue, it's linked in the Github issue. Working on this one the next days to release 2.8.28 next week.
performance tasks and rubrics for high school mathematics meeting rigorous standards and assessments math performance tasks
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it.
Flaws in computer programs are usually called bugs. It makes programmers feel good to imagine them as little things that just happen to crawl into our work. In reality, of course, we put them there ourselves.
If a program is crystallized thought, you can roughly categorize bugs into those caused by the thoughts being confused and those caused by mistakes introduced while converting a thought to code. The former type is generally harder to diagnose and fix than the latter.
Many mistakes could be pointed out to us automatically by the computer, if it knew enough about what we’re trying to do. But here JavaScript’s looseness is a hindrance. Its concept of bindings and properties is vague enough that it will rarely catch typos before actually running the program. And even then, it allows you to do some clearly nonsensical things without complaint, such as computing true * "monkey".
There are some things that JavaScript does complain about. Writing a program that does not follow the language’s grammar will immediately make the computer complain. Other things, such as calling something that’s not a function or looking up a property on an undefined value, will cause an error to be reported when the program tries to perform the action.
But often, your nonsense computation will merely produce NaN (not a number) or an undefined value, while the program happily continues, convinced that it’s doing something meaningful. The mistake will manifest itself only later, after the bogus value has traveled through several functions. It might not trigger an error at all but silently cause the program’s output to be wrong. Finding the source of such problems can be difficult.
JavaScript can be made a little stricter by enabling strict mode. This is done by putting the string "use strict" at the top of a file or a function body. Here’s an example:
Normally, when you forget to put let in front of your binding, as with counter in the example, JavaScript quietly creates a global binding and uses that. In strict mode, an error is reported instead. This is very helpful. It should be noted, though, that this doesn’t work when the binding in question already exists as a global binding. In that case, the loop will still quietly overwrite the value of the binding.
Another change in strict mode is that the this binding holds the value undefined in functions that are not called as methods. When making such a call outside of strict mode, this refers to the global scope object, which is an object whose properties are the global bindings. So if you accidentally call a method or constructor incorrectly in strict mode, JavaScript will produce an error as soon as it tries to read something from this, rather than happily writing to the global scope.
For example, consider the following code, which calls a constructor function without the new keyword so that its this will not refer to a newly constructed object:
So the bogus call to Person succeeded but returned an undefined value and created the global binding name. In strict mode, the result is different.
Fortunately, constructors created with the class notation will always complain if they are called without new, making this less of a problem even in non-strict mode.
Strict mode does a few more things. It disallows giving a function multiple parameters with the same name and removes certain problematic language features entirely (such as the with statement, which is so wrong it is not further discussed in this book).
In short, putting "use strict" at the top of your program rarely hurts and might help you spot a problem.
Some languages want to know the types of all your bindings and expressions before even running a program. They will tell you right away when a type is used in an inconsistent way. JavaScript considers types only when actually running the program, and even there often tries to implicitly convert values to the type it expects, so it’s not much help.
Still, types provide a useful framework for talking about programs. A lot of mistakes come from being confused about the kind of value that goes into or comes out of a function. If you have that information written down, you’re less likely to get confused.
You could add a comment like the following before the goalOrientedRobot function from the previous chapter to describe its type:
One thing about types is that they need to introduce their own complexity to be able to describe enough code to be useful. What do you think would be the type of the randomPick function that returns a random element from an array? You’d need to introduce a type variable, T, which can stand in for any type, so that you can give randomPick a type like ([T]) → T (function from an array of Ts to a T).
When the types of a program are known, it is possible for the computer to check them for you, pointing out mistakes before the program is run. There are several JavaScript dialects that add types to the language and check them. The most popular one is called TypeScript. If you are interested in adding more rigor to your programs, I recommend you give it a try.
If the language is not going to do much to help us find mistakes, we’ll have to find them the hard way: by running the program and seeing whether it does the right thing.
Doing this by hand, again and again, is a really bad idea. Not only is it annoying, it also tends to be ineffective since it takes too much time to exhaustively test everything every time you make a change.
Computers are good at repetitive tasks, and testing is the ideal repetitive task. Automated testing is the process of writing a program that tests another program. Writing tests is a bit more work than testing manually, but once you’ve done it, you gain a kind of superpower: it takes you only a few seconds to verify that your program still behaves properly in all the situations you wrote tests for. When you break something, you’ll immediately notice, rather than randomly running into it at some later time.
Tests usually take the form of little labeled programs that verify some aspect of your code. For example, a set of tests for the (standard, probably already tested by someone else) toUpperCase method might look like this:
Writing tests like this tends to produce rather repetitive, awkward code. Fortunately, there exist pieces of software that help you build and run collections of tests (test suites) by providing a language (in the form of functions and methods) suited to expressing tests and by outputting informative information when a test fails. These are usually called test runners.
Some code is easier to test than other code. Generally, the more external objects that the code interacts with, the harder it is to set up the context in which to test it. The style of programming shown in the previous chapter, which uses self-contained persistent values rather than changing objects, tends to be easy to test.
Once you notice there is something wrong with your program because it misbehaves or produces errors, the next step is to figure out what the problem is.
Sometimes it is obvious. The error message will point at a specific line of your program, and if you look at the error description and that line of code, you can often see the problem.
But not always. Sometimes the line that triggered the problem is simply the first place where a flaky value produced elsewhere gets used in an invalid way. If you have been solving the exercises in earlier chapters, you will probably have already experienced such situations.
The following example program tries to convert a whole number to a string in a given base (decimal, binary, and so on) by repeatedly picking out the last digit and then dividing the number to get rid of this digit. But the strange output that it currently produces suggests that it has a bug.
Even if you see the problem already, pretend for a moment that you don’t. We know that our program is malfunctioning, and we want to find out why.
This is where you must resist the urge to start making random changes to the code to see whether that makes it better. Instead, think. Analyze what is happening and come up with a theory of why it might be happening. Then, make additional observations to test this theory—or, if you don’t yet have a theory, make additional observations to help you come up with one.
Putting a few strategic console.log calls into the program is a good way to get additional information about what the program is doing. In this case, we want n to take the values 13, 1, and then 0. Let’s write out its value at the start of the loop.
Right. Dividing 13 by 10 does not produce a whole number. Instead of n /= base, what we actually want is n = Math.floor(n / base) so that the number is properly “shifted” to the right.
An alternative to using console.log to peek into the program’s behavior is to use the debugger capabilities of your browser. Browsers come with the ability to set a breakpoint on a specific line of your code. When the execution of the program reaches a line with a breakpoint, it is paused, and you can inspect the values of bindings at that point. I won’t go into details, as debuggers differ from browser to browser, but look in your browser’s developer tools or search the Web for more information.
Another way to set a breakpoint is to include a debugger statement (consisting of simply that keyword) in your program. If the developer tools of your browser are active, the program will pause whenever it reaches such a statement.
Not all problems can be prevented by the programmer, unfortunately. If your program communicates with the outside world in any way, it is possible to get malformed input, to become overloaded with work, or to have the network fail.
If you’re programming only for yourself, you can afford to just ignore such problems until they occur. But if you build something that is going to be used by anybody else, you usually want the program to do better than just crash. Sometimes the right thing to do is take the bad input in stride and continue running. In other cases, it is better to report to the user what went wrong and then give up. But in either situation, the program has to actively do something in response to the problem.
Now any code that calls promptNumber must check whether an actual number was read and, failing that, must somehow recover—maybe by asking again or by filling in a default value. Or it could again return a special value to its caller to indicate that it failed to do what it was asked.
In many situations, mostly when errors are common and the caller should be explicitly taking them into account, returning a special value is a good way to indicate an error. It does, however, have its downsides. First, what if the function can already return every possible kind of value? In such a function, you’ll have to do something like wrap the result in an object to be able to distinguish success from failure.
The second issue with returning special values is that it can lead to awkward code. If a piece of code calls promptNumber 10 times, it has to check 10 times whether null was returned. And if its response to finding null is to simply return null itself, callers of the function will in turn have to check for it, and so on.
When a function cannot proceed normally, what we would like to do is just stop what we are doing and immediately jump to a place that knows how to handle the problem. This is what exception handling does.
Exceptions are a mechanism that makes it possible for code that runs into a problem to raise (or throw) an exception. An exception can be any value. Raising one somewhat resembles a super-charged return from a function: it jumps out of not just the current function but also its callers, all the way down to the first call that started the current execution. This is called unwinding the stack. You may remember the stack of function calls that was mentioned in Chapter 3. An exception zooms down this stack, throwing away all the call contexts it encounters.
If exceptions always zoomed right down to the bottom of the stack, they would not be of much use. They’d just provide a novel way to blow up your program. Their power lies in the fact that you can set “obstacles” along the stack to catch the exception as it is zooming down. Once you’ve caught an exception, you can do something with it to address the problem and then continue to run the program.
The throw keyword is used to raise an exception. Catching one is done by wrapping a piece of code in a try block, followed by the keyword catch. When the code in the try block causes an exception to be raised, the catch block is evaluated, with the name in parentheses bound to the exception value. After the catch block finishes—or if the try block finishes without problems—the program proceeds beneath the entire try/catch statement.
In this case, we used the Error constructor to create our exception value. This is a standard JavaScript constructor that creates an object with a message property. In most JavaScript environments, instances of this constructor also gather information about the call stack that existed when the exception was created, a so-called stack trace. This information is stored in the stack property and can be helpful when trying to debug a problem: it tells us the function where the problem occurred and which functions made the failing call.
Note that the look function completely ignores the possibility that promptDirection might go wrong. This is the big advantage of exceptions: error-handling code is necessary only at the point where the error occurs and at the point where it is handled. The functions in between can forget all about it.
The effect of an exception is another kind of control flow. Every action that might cause an exception, which is pretty much every function call and property access, might cause control to suddenly leave your code.
This means when code has several side effects, even if its “regular” control flow looks like they’ll always all happen, an exception might prevent some of them from taking place.
But transfer first removes the money from the account and then calls getAccount before it adds it to another account. If it is broken off by an exception at that point, it’ll just make the money disappear.
That code could have been written a little more intelligently, for example by calling getAccount before it starts moving money around. But often problems like this occur in more subtle ways. Even functions that don’t look like they will throw an exception might do so in exceptional circumstances or when they contain a programmer mistake.
One way to address this is to use fewer side effects. Again, a programming style that computes new values instead of changing existing data helps. If a piece of code stops running in the middle of creating a new value, no one ever sees the half-finished value, and there is no problem.
But that isn’t always practical. So there is another feature that try statements have. They may be followed by a finally block either instead of or in addition to a catch block. A finally block says “no matter what happens, run this code after trying to run the code in the try block.”
This version of the function tracks its progress, and if, when leaving, it notices that it was aborted at a point where it had created an inconsistent program state, it repairs the damage it did.
Note that even though the finally code is run when an exception is thrown in the try block, it does not interfere with the exception. After the finally block runs, the stack continues unwinding.
Writing programs that operate reliably even when exceptions pop up in unexpected places is hard. Many people simply don’t bother, and because exceptions are typically reserved for exceptional circumstances, the problem may occur so rarely that it is never even noticed. Whether that is a good thing or a really bad thing depends on how much damage the software will do when it fails.
When an exception makes it all the way to the bottom of the stack without being caught, it gets handled by the environment. What this means differs between environments. In browsers, a description of the error typically gets written to the JavaScript console (reachable through the browser’s Tools or Developer menu). Node.js, the browserless JavaScript environment we will discuss in Chapter 20, is more careful about data corruption. It aborts the whole process when an unhandled exception occurs.
For programmer mistakes, just letting the error go through is often the best you can do. An unhandled exception is a reasonable way to signal a broken program, and the JavaScript console will, on modern browsers, provide you with some information about which function calls were on the stack when the problem occurred.
For problems that are expected to happen during routine use, crashing with an unhandled exception is a terrible strategy.
Invalid uses of the language, such as referencing a nonexistent binding, looking up a property on null, or calling something that’s not a function, will also result in exceptions being raised. Such exceptions can also be caught.
When a catch body is entered, all we know is that something in our try body caused an exception. But we don’t know what did or which exception it caused.
JavaScript (in a rather glaring omission) doesn’t provide direct support for selectively catching exceptions: either you catch them all or you don’t catch any. This makes it tempting to assume that the exception you get is the one you were thinking about when you wrote the catch block.
But it might not be. Some other assumption might be violated, or you might have introduced a bug that is causing an exception. Here is an example that attempts to keep on calling promptDirection until it gets a valid answer:
The for (;;) construct is a way to intentionally create a loop that doesn’t terminate on its own. We break out of the loop only when a valid direction is given. But we misspelled promptDirection, which will result in an “undefined variable” error. Because the catch block completely ignores its exception value (e), assuming it knows what the problem is, it wrongly treats the binding error as indicating bad input. Not only does this cause an infinite loop, it “buries” the useful error message about the misspelled binding.
As a general rule, don’t blanket-catch exceptions unless it is for the purpose of “routing” them somewhere—for example, over the network to tell another system that our program crashed. And even then, think carefully about how you might be hiding information.
So we want to catch a specific kind of exception. We can do this by checking in the catch block whether the exception we got is the one we are interested in and rethrowing it otherwise. But how do we recognize an exception?
We could compare its message property against the error message we happen to expect. But that’s a shaky way to write code—we’d be using information that’s intended for human consumption (the message) to make a programmatic decision. As soon as someone changes (or translates) the message, the code will stop working.
The new error class extends Error. It doesn’t define its own constructor, which means that it inherits the Error constructor, which expects a string message as argument. In fact, it doesn’t define anything at all—the class is empty. InputError objects behave like Error objects, except that they have a different class by which we can recognize them.
Assertions are checks inside a program that verify that something is the way it is supposed to be. They are used not to handle situations that can come up in normal operation but to find programmer mistakes.
If, for example, firstElement is described as a function that should never be called on empty arrays, we might write it like this:
Now, instead of silently returning undefined (which you get when reading an array property that does not exist), this will loudly blow up your program as soon as you misuse it. This makes it less likely for such mistakes to go unnoticed and easier to find their cause when they occur.
I do not recommend trying to write assertions for every possible kind of bad input. That’d be a lot of work and would lead to very noisy code. You’ll want to reserve them for mistakes that are easy to make (or that you find yourself making).
Mistakes and bad input are facts of life. An important part of programming is finding, diagnosing, and fixing bugs. Problems can become easier to notice if you have an automated test suite or add assertions to your programs.
Problems caused by factors outside the program’s control should usually be handled gracefully. Sometimes, when the problem can be handled locally, special return values are a good way to track them. Otherwise, exceptions may be preferable.
Throwing an exception causes the call stack to be unwound until the next enclosing try/catch block or until the bottom of the stack. The exception value will be given to the catch block that catches it, which should verify that it is actually the expected kind of exception and then do something with it. To help address the unpredictable control flow caused by exceptions, finally blocks can be used to ensure that a piece of code always runs when a block finishes.
Say you have a function primitiveMultiply that in 20 percent of cases multiplies two numbers and in the other 80 percent of cases raises an exception of type MultiplicatorUnitFailure. Write a function that wraps this clunky function and just keeps trying until a call succeeds, after which it returns the result.
The call to primitiveMultiply should definitely happen in a try block. The corresponding catch block should rethrow the exception when it is not an instance of MultiplicatorUnitFailure and ensure the call is retried when it is.
To do the retrying, you can either use a loop that stops only when a call succeeds—as in the look example earlier in this chapter—or use recursion and hope you don’t get a string of failures so long that it overflows the stack (which is a pretty safe bet).
It is a box with a lock. There is an array in the box, but you can get at it only when the box is unlocked. Directly accessing the private _content property is forbidden.
Write a function called withBoxUnlocked that takes a function value as argument, unlocks the box, runs the function, and then ensures that the box is locked again before returning, regardless of whether the argument function returned normally or threw an exception.
For extra points, make sure that if you call withBoxUnlocked when the box is already unlocked, the box stays unlocked.
This exercise calls for a finally block. Your function should first unlock the box and then call the argument function from inside a try body. The finally block after it should lock the box again.
To make sure we don’t lock the box when it wasn’t already locked, check its lock at the start of the function and unlock and lock it only when it started out locked.
Are you looking for Chicken Invaders 6? If yes, then, keep reading this article to know more about the Chicken Invaders 6.
Chicken Invaders is a series of a video game that which released his first part in 1999. The insights of the Chicken Invaders that you must know:
Publisher of the video game series: Chicken Invaders video game series is published by Interaction studios Betacom.
Until now, Chicken Invaders had released 5 parts and its 6th part which is called Chicken Invaders 6 which will release in 2018.
Chicken Invaders released its first part, “Chicken Invaders” in 1999. The first part of the game was superb and attracted millions of people.
The second part of the video game series was released in 2002. This second part is called Chicken Invaders 2 or Chicken Invaders: The Next Wave. This part was rated 4 out of 5.
The third part of Chicken Invaders was launched in 2006. This third part is popular as Chicken Invaders 3 or Chicken Invaders: Revenge of the Yolk.
Its fourth part is popular as Chicken Invaders: Ultimate Omelette or Chicken Invaders 4 which was released in 2010. The Chicken Invaders 4 was a hit one in the gaming industry and its millions of copies were sold.
The fifth part of this video game series is known as Chicken Invaders: Cluck of the Dark Side or Chicken Invaders 5 and this 5th part was released in 2014. The graphics that were in the 5th part of the game was superb and gave a realistic experience while playing the game.
Now, every Chicken Invaders fan is very excited to play its upcoming sixth part. This sixth part is known as Chicken Invaders Universe or Chicken Invaders 6. On 14 July 2019, Interaction Studios officially launched the teaser of the 6th part of the game. Talking about the tease of this part then, it is simple but interesting. It is of 0.38 seconds. The music that they have added during the teaser is elegant.
The gameplay of the new part will be the same as its previous versions. The only thing that they will add is some new features and superb graphics. Do you want to watch the teaser of this sixth part?
The officials of the video game series didn’t tell any information about the launch date of this 6th part of the game. But it is rumoured that the game will launch in the ending months of 2018.
I stumbled off my twelve hour international fight exhausted. After an easy time going through passport control thanks to new passport kiosks that make your entry into a foreign country much less of a hassle I was headed down the elevator and pass a broad slab of cement with a warm welcome to the United States stamped across the front if it.
Maybe I was glad to be back on American soil for about thirty seconds when the next thing I took into view was a picture of Barack Obama hanging on the empty wall.
Yup I’m back, I thought, rolling my eyes, as I came to the bottom of the escalator and walked towards customs.
I’m back to a country that is trying day by day to release all of the terrorists held at Guantanamo Bay. Our president didn’t seem very worried two weeks ago as I watched him on Fox News the morning before I left and he still, eleven days later thinks it’s a perfectly fine idea to continue releasing these guys who have their minds set on destroying America and our way of life even as Isis and Al Qaeda terrorists are taking aim on people all over the globe.
I seriously considered not going on my international trip because of the terror warning to Americans traveling overseas but the sad thing is we are just as vulnerable here on our own land as Comrade Obama feels that these guys have ” rights” and deserve to be free.
I can’t wait until the day that we have a president in the White House who is not a politically correct pussy who actually cares just a little bit about keeping this country safe.
The reason I ask that because not too long ago I had a mission to seed Rye on a field, which is still growing. Which I think is field #23 (since that's the only field I have with rye on it) which is a field that I currently own. I haven't purchased any fields yet. Should I plow/disc the field and seed maize on the field or should I just leave it be?
I'm assuming I need to seed maize on it? Or will I need the rye later considering I had to seed rye for a mission?
Juste try by seeding all the other the fields that are in green on the map. If you still don't haven't finished the mission then, you will have to do it on fiel 23 to...
Right now I'm having issues with neither of my tractors not being able to pull the corn seeder. I don't know why. My field wetness is around 20% to 30%. Is that still too wet? All my tractors literally just stop and the tires start spinning. It will raise my rear wheels off the ground a little. It does the same with the cultivator. Field #3 is also giving me issues big time. On field #3 all my tractors will literally sink to the point where I'm not able to do anything, not even cultivate, and it's wetness is at 22%.
I've already tried adjusting the hydraulics but that doesn't seem to help anymore like it did at the beginning.
EDIT: Is there a way by using the command console to reset a field? By reset I mean to bring the condition of a field back to the way it is at the start of the game? That could help a lot.
Resting the fields as at the game start is not possible without starting a new Profil.. This is also what you should try to solve the getting stuck problem, as you seem to be playing on an older Savegames...
I don't think it's an old savegame issue as I started a new profile after the 0.2.2.2 update...I think. But I'll try it though.
EDIT: I was wrong. I started a new profile while on 0.2.2.1 and it later updated to 0.2.2.2. My bad. You can lock this thread now if you want.
For me it litteraraly ment 100% on all of your fields, still havent passed this one. all of my fields but field 3 were 100% seeded with 99% maize, field 3 was on 97% sowed. By trying to fill the last 3% the amount only lowered to 95% procent (i think because the field was already in seeding state driving true only killed more plants. I blew off some steam with goldencrops, and try again next year.
Tim, Sonia, Tucker and Nate Worley are part of a North Carolina farming tradition that spans five generations in Buncombe County. They raise cattle and other animals on the Worley Farm. The family also participates in the Livestock competitions and cooking contests at the mountain state fair. The “livestock fair family” has a tradition of eating together almost every night and Sonia shared a few of their recipes.
The NC Mountain State Fair celebrates the people, agriculture, art and tradition that make our region great. Our mission is to create unique experiences at an exceptional value in a safe, clean environment that is accessible to all.
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl Ammillia here. I'm 37 year old Female speak English and French in the Indian live sex chat action. Visit my very erotic and lustful world where all of Your fantasies will come true. I want You to indulge me, explore my body! I`m waiting for You to make sure You will remember me.. I love to get NAUGHTY, just try me, and u will DEFINITELY ASK FOR MORE!Better get READY for my AMAZING SKILLS, u wont regret one SINGLE SECOND, CUM and CHECK me out!U will get DROWN by my ADDICTIVE SWEET CHARM. I love to touch myself imagining it is you! I love to play with my lusty tits and i love to fuck this tight wet pussy!I`m hot all the time and i can`t wait to feel my big toys inside me! I like playing with fingers as well i like toys . is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Short Black hairs and my measurements are 30-23-32. For Turn ons: a really cute and pretty monkee boy:))). For TurnsOff: hmmmm....BEGGRAS ,RUDE AND ...STUPID PEOPLE bla bla. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
, choices the very best choices using best quality exclusively for you all, and this photographs is one of photographs selections in this greatest photos gallery regarding Favorite Refrigerator Water Supply Valve. I hope you can think it’s great.
posted simply by gos in 2018-08-09 20:39:51. To view all images with Favorite Refrigerator Water Supply Valve photos gallery you need to abide by this specific url.
Problem A museum replaces an existing parking structure on the Boston harbor that leaves a void in the city. A beautiful detail shall be designed for the space that embodies the essence of "the void".
Solution A box with three walls creates an introverted space in which the architecture of the museum is subjugated below ground. This focuses attention on the ebb and flow of the tides as they infiltrate the site to create a marsh on the roof of the building. The marsh becomes accessible by means of a giant boardwalk that is deformed by the emerging museum. Where the boardwalk collapses, the visitor can move into an intimate nook where the marsh is experienced up close. Wrapping the edge of the planks is a delicate boarder of golden mesh that acts as a safety netting and allows vegetation to grow through its holes over time.
For vehicles ordered by dealers in Federal emission states with (YF5) or (NE1) emissions - Not required for vehicles being shipped to Arizona, California, Connecticut, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont or Washington)
XM Satellite Radio delete and AM/FM stereo with CD player, seek-and-scan, digital clock and 6 speakers
Steering wheel-mounted audio controls; Bluetooth personal cell phone connectivity to vehicle audio system with HMI (Human Machine Interface)
2. Prepare the sticker for application by firmly rubbing a credit card across the clear transfer tape. This removes any air bubbles that may have formed and makes the sticker cling to the transfer tape.
5. Slowly peel the clear transfer tape off at an angle. Be careful not to pull the sticker off the surface. If sticker pulls away from the surface repeat Step 4.
When you arrive in Lake Lure, it’s immediately obvious why this Western North Carolina mountain town has been a top Hollywood choice as a picturesque and captivating setting for motion pictures. Many don’t know Lake Lure NC was the backdrop for movie scenes from A Breed Apart, Firestarter, My Fellow Americans, and Thunder Road. The well known claims to fame are Last of the Mohicans partially filmed in Chimney Rock State Park, and the 1987 blockbuster Dirty Dancing with Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Gray. For many years, people from around the globe have visited the famous Dirty Dancing locations of Johnny’s Cabin, the gym, and dining hall. Lake Lure proudly hosts the annual Dirty Dancing Festival.
Today, the enchanting Dirty Dancing site is preserved by a private luxury home community called Firefly Cove. The original 54 acre site has expanded to 110 acres, offering a mix of lakefront lots and parcels of higher elevation offering majestic mountain views. Both Firefly Cove and The Ridge at Firefly Cove are gated, and the lakefront section already has an assortment of new homes and condos.
Firefly Cove offers some of the finest amenities in Rutherford County . The community Lodge features a Billiards Room, Lounge with fireplace, Business Center, Catering Kitchen, and Fitness Center. Outdoor amenities include Community Boathouse, Docks, Canoe & Kayak Racks, Outdoor Amphitheatre, Swimming Pool, Campfire Area, and Hiking Trails.
There’s so much to see at Firefly Cove, and the real estate experts on the Mr. Lake Lure Team are ready to give you the tour. Visit our downtown office in the Arcade Commerce Building, next to the 1927 Lake Lure Inn. We’re just around the corner Firefly Cove. And, we’re just a short 20 minute drive if you’re visiting the Tryon International Equestrian Center.
Sign in to take advantage of all this site has to offer. Save your favorite listings and searches – also receive email updates when listings you like come on the market for free!
No Min. No Min. $250 $500 $750 $1,000 $1,250 $1,500 $1,750 $2,000 $2,500 $3,000 $4,000 $5,000 $7,500 $10,000 $15,000 $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $275,000 $300,000 $325,000 $350,000 $375,000 $400,000 $425,000 $450,000 $475,000 $500,000 $525,000 $550,000 $575,000 $600,000 $625,000 $650,000 $675,000 $700,000 $725,000 $750,000 $775,000 $800,000 $825,000 $850,000 $875,000 $900,000 $925,000 $950,000 $975,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,200,000 $1,300,000 $1,400,000 $1,500,000 $1,600,000 $1,700,000 $1,800,000 $1,900,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $3,500,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $7,500,000 $10,000,000 $15,000,000 $20,000,000
No Max. No Max. $250 $500 $750 $1,000 $1,250 $1,500 $1,750 $2,000 $2,500 $3,000 $4,000 $5,000 $7,500 $10,000 $15,000 $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $275,000 $300,000 $325,000 $350,000 $375,000 $400,000 $425,000 $450,000 $475,000 $500,000 $525,000 $550,000 $575,000 $600,000 $625,000 $650,000 $675,000 $700,000 $725,000 $750,000 $775,000 $800,000 $825,000 $850,000 $875,000 $900,000 $925,000 $950,000 $975,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,200,000 $1,300,000 $1,400,000 $1,500,000 $1,600,000 $1,700,000 $1,800,000 $1,900,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $3,500,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $7,500,000 $10,000,000 $15,000,000 $20,000,000
The data relating to real estate on this Web site derive in part from the Internet Data Exchange/IDX. Brokers make an effort to deliver accurate information, but buyers should independently verify any information on which they will rely in a transaction. All properties are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal. Neither Mr.Lake Lure Real Estate nor any listing broker shall be responsible for any typographical errors, misinformation, or misprints, and they shall be held totally harmless from any damages arising from reliance upon this data. This data is provided exclusively for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties they may be interested in purchasing. (c) 2018 Carolina Multiple Listing Services, Inc. Data last updated 2018-11-12
You guys, I’m just going to say this up front: I LOOOOOOOOVE essential oils!! I’m currently working on another post to tell you all about it. 🙂
When I first encountered the idea of essential oils about four years ago I was fairly skeptical about some of the claims. Over the years I’ve done a lot of research, and I think I’ve weeded out the truths from the exaggerations. Based on what I’ve learned and experienced, I believe that oils are a very smart way to invest in your family’s health.
One of my favorite true claims is that you can use citrus essential oils to clean pesticides and bacteria off of produce.
Upon hearing this claim, the big question I had was HOW can citrus oil remove pesticides? The answer is monoterpenes. Specifically the monoterpene, d-limonene, which has the ability to dissolve petroleum oils among other things. Pesticides are petroleum based. Therefore, the d-limonene commonly found in citrus oils can remove pesticides from your produce. Lemon and orange oils have particularly high concentrations of d-limonene, which is why they’re my favorite ones to use for cleaning produce. If you’re interested, you can find more information in the World Health Organization’s fact sheet on d-limonene.
Now that you know the science behind how citrus essential oils remove pesticides, I’ll show you how to actually do it.
What you’ll need: citrus essential oils (lemon and orange are best), Dr. Bronner’s Castile Soap, and water.
First, close your drain and start filling your sink up with water. Temperature doesn’t really matter as far as cleaning goes, but I prefer not to freeze or burn my fingers when reaching in to stir or remove the produce – so I shoot for room temperature. 🙂
I use 7-10 drops of citrus oil when filling up my half-sink depending on how much produce I’m washing; you could use 15-20 if you’re doing a full sink with a very large amount of produce. Keep in mind, essential oils are very potent; a little goes a long way.
The Castile soap suspends the essential oil throughout the water, so it is no longer just sitting on the water’s surface.
A quick word on why we need the soap. Castile soap is a type of soap made of only vegetable oils, not animal fats (it originated in the Castile region of Spain, thus the name). I prefer Castile soap because it is all natural, dye-free, and safe if ingested. Yes, you could eat it. It’s just water, a bunch of vegetable oils, vitamin E, and citric acid. I feel good about washing the things I will be eating with something that would be okay to ingest, if I so chose to ingest it. 🙂
Back to science. Basically, we need the Castile soap to act as the middle man between the citrus oil and water. Remember in elementary school when we learned how oil is hydrophobic and hates water? That’s where soap comes in. Soap is a surfactant (fancy scientific term), which means it has both hydrophobic and hydrophilic ends. The simplest way to think of it is soap likes to hold hands with both oils and water. Oil and water refuse to hold hands. The only way they can all stay together is with soap in the middle. If you need to visualize it, here’s an embarrassing representation of oil, soap, and water holding hands that I made..
So in the produce bath, the soap grabs onto the pooled up oils floating on the water’s surface, and suspends them throughout the sink to get all your produce thoroughly clean. Without the soap, only the parts of your produce in direct contact with the water’s surface will get the benefits of contact with your essential oils – and that’s not good enough.
I like to add in the soap and oils while the sink is still filling, because it’s an easy way to get everything mixed together.
Once your sink is a little more than half full, you can turn off the water and start putting in produce. I like to save the softer berries (raspberries and blackberries) as well as larger items (like melons and broccoli) for last. Everything else goes in the sink together.
Let your produce soak for 10-15 minutes. Give it a good stir about halfway through, so that anything floating at the top gets thoroughly cleaned.
Now it’s time to rinse! The water you’re taking your produce out of is now full of soap, petroleum pesticides, dirt, and bacteria. So always remember to put your produce under some clean running water to rinse away all that nasty stuff.
I lay out a big beach towel on my counter, and leave all the clean produce there to air dry. This is what our typical weekly produce haul from Aldi looks like…though not usually this neatly laid out. 😉
After I do the main load of produce, I soak the delicate and large items for about 10 minutes. Putting melons and squashes in the produce bath may seem odd, but it gets rid of any Salmonella that may be lurking on the rind waiting to get in when you cut it open. Here’s a link to a study that showed essential oils to be highly effective at removing Salmonella from industrial equipment. Just be sure to get every side of the melons in the bath water. And again, don’t forget to rinse!
Make sure the whole head of the broccoli and cauliflower is immersed in the bath for at least 5 minutes. This can be tricky because they want to float on their sides.
Yes, I even soak my bananas, because I have an irrational fear of banana spiders hatching out of them…. I have confidence the oils will kill their eggs, and/or they’ll drown. 🙂
I think the before and after pictures of the sink water paints a pretty good picture of just how much junk is coming off in the produce bath. It gets me every time. Yuck…
There’s an added bonus. Washing your produce like this automatically cleans your sink and drain! Just let all that dirty water out and give it a little rinse with the faucet. You’re left with a shiny, citrus-fresh basin. Seriously, it smells so good!
Another interesting side effect of using citrus oils on your produce is that they make it really evident if something is rotting. Take these strawberries, for instance. I looked over all the strawberries before putting them in the bath that day, and didn’t see anything obviously wrong with any of them. Yet, when I rinsed them off I noticed a good portion of them had rotten spots like this…
Pre-citrus oil bath, I might have taken a big ol’ bite out of that strawberry. Gross. I’m not sure exactly why the oils make these rotten spots more obvious, but it’s pretty handy that they do. Sometimes you just grab a bad bunch of fruit.
I bought a big 32 ounce bottle of Dr. Bronner’s a couple years ago, and I still haven’t used it up (and I use it for more than just produce washing) – it’s $17.29 well spent.
So max, this method costs you 50 cents per produce bath. I usually only do one produce bath a week. A pretty cheap way to get rid of pesticides!
A 15ml bottle usually lasts me a solid 4 or 5 months – and we wash a lot of produce at our mostly whole foods eating household!
Plus citrus oils are great for cleaning, easing morning sickness/indigestion/heartburn, liver cleanses, circulatory problems, acne, weight loss, and lots more. Like I said at the beginning, essential oils are a versatile, worthwhile investment. 🙂
I do not sell essential oils, because I’m not a fan of multilevel marketing (MLM) schemes. I buy all my oils through Rocky Mountain Oils (who merged with Native American Nutritionals, so the oils are the same no matter which company you order from). They sell 100% pure, therapeutic grade oils just like the big MLM companies (DoTerra and Young Living Oils); I’ve tried the MLM oils and I can tell you the quality/results seem exactly the same as Rocky Mountain Oils’ stuff. I love that RMO gives full disclosure on where/how all their oils are sourced, and that they do third party testing on every batch for quality. And I super love that they source a lot of their oils from local, small organic farmers around the world through fair trade practices. Plus their prices aren’t marked up to compensate salespeople, so you get oils at a lower cost. My oils have always arrived in perfect condition within two business days, and I’ve never had any problems reaching customer service right away if I’ve had questions. Also, unlike some of the bigger companies, RMO seems to almost never have oils out of stock. So you can get what you need when you need it. Just had to throw my two cents out there. 😉
aldi, castile soap and essential oils, citrus oils, clean eating, clean food with essential oils, clean pesticides off fruit and vegetable, clean sink with essential oils, cleaning produce naturally, cleaning with dr bronner's, cleaning with essential oils, cleaning with lemon, cleaning with orange, d-limonene, dr bronner's castile soaps, dr bronner's cleaning fruit and vegetables, easy cleaning, essential oils bath, green cleaning, healthy food, healthy living, how to do a produce bath, how to do a veggie bath, how to get pesticides off food, kill salmonella with essential oils, lemon oil cleans pesticides, monoterpenes, native american nutritionals, pesticides, remove pesticides with essential oils, rocky mountain oils, save money, science behind essential oils, why do essential oils clean produce, why does lemon oil clean fruit
​With Nature to Mutual Understanding is a project funded by Key Action 2, Cooperation for Innovation and the Exchange of Good Practices, European Union.
The goal is to share examples and learn different approaches to the Garden Therapy, which we would like to establish as an actual profession with university accreditation (it doesn't exist here yet). But that's a long-term goal. At first we would like to continue in learning from the others. The project should be focused on possibilities of using the Garden Therapy to help and re-integrate three main user groups: refugees, minorities and socially excluded individuals (long-term unemployed, disabled people …)
Activities will be Short-term join staff training events. We would like to visit partner organizations and compare the systems of working with target groups in the nature/gardens and share examples of good practice.
The output of the project will be summary of experience, networking of possible educators and identification of areas of joint education that will be beneficial to target groups.
In future projects we would like to find complement education in areas suitable for all member states of the EU and we will set additional education of employees in the field of garden therapy with emphasis on needs of target groups.
Relevance Popularity (most to least) Popularity (least to most) Author (A-Z) Author (Z-A) Call number (0-9 to A-Z) Call number (Z-A to 9-0) Publication/Copyright date: Newest to oldest Publication/Copyright date: Oldest to newest Acquisition date: Newest to oldest Acquisition date: Oldest to newest Title (A-Z) Title (Z-A)
With nationals of Trinidad and Tobago heading to Syria to fight with the Islamic State (ISIS), the Government is taking no chances with persons who have been identified as being...
The Opposition has agreed to meet with a Government team led by Prime Minister Dr Keith Rowley on Friday to discuss the country’s crime situation. UNC chairman David Lee has...
A total of $20 million was spent in repairs, and now the National Academy of the Performing Arts (NAPA) in Port-of-Spain, is safe to occupy. NAPA had been closed for...
The hot weather was ideal for those who attended the 54th Independence Parade at the Queen’s Park Savannah on Wednesday morning. There were concerns that the bad weather of the...
When would the $1.5 billion Couva Hospital be finally put to use? This is the inevitable question after the massive structure has been declared as ready for occupation. Noel Garcia,...
Prime Minister Dr. Keith Rowley’s meeting with senior police officers is without precedent, one retired lawman has said. The ex-senior police officer said he cannot recall any other formal meeting...
As the truth of our economic predicament sets in, readers may find it useful to look back at previous budgets since 2001.
One will easily note that in a nine-year period up to 2010, national budgets increased by over 300%, and while this happened, oil and gas production declined, there were drastic declines in drilling, negligible diversification, foreign investment plunged, and the State was plagued by over-budget mega projects.
In the years 2011 to 2015, national budgets increased by approximately 26% in spite of non-boom oil and gas prices, with increases in oil and gas exploration and new investments, as well as completed and delivered large-scale projects.
The money was used to pay for the final phase of the capital build of a new 20 unit development based on the successful ethos of a community offering care, rehabilitation and education for former homeless ex-Service personnel.
A ‘Learning Zone’ within the building provides a programme of counselling, education and employment training tailored to individuals and delivered within the Westway Beacons.
Forth Valley and Lomond LEADER are working on their next Local Development Strategy, which will guide their project funding from 2015 to 2020. They are keen to hear from local communities, and are holding a consultation event on 22nd March, where they will inform attendees of progress and invite feedback.
When the sunsets, the fun isn’t over at the beach. The Lake Worth Bon Fires every month lets us chillax by the ocean, enjoy a few drinks with friends and listen to some drum slamming by music enthusiasts.
The bonfires are hosted by the city of Lake Worth right on the beach across from the Lake Worth Casino Building and Beach Complex.
Archives Select Month October 2017 May 2017 April 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012
The Bandit is coming to the West Palm Beach private school on Oct. 15 to hold a fundraiser for both his Burt Reynolds Institute for Film and Theatre and the arts program at …
Burt Reynolds has been opening up about his relationship with Sally Field recently while doing interviews for his new memoir, “But Enough About Me,” saying that he was “dumb” for dumping Field and …
The “Smokey and the Bandit” star spoke on the British talk show, “Loose Women,” about Sheen and his recent revelation that he was …
It seemed like the relationship between Burt Reynolds and Paul Thomas Anderson on the set of “Boogie Nights” was solid, especially since the former snagged an Oscar nomination for his role in the film, but …
While promoting his book, “But Enough About Me,” Burt Reynolds has taken the time to reflect on his career and the moments he wishes he could do over. One of those is “love of his …
Palm Beach County native Burt Reynolds is ruffling feathers with his new memoir that is being called a “tell-all book.”
Burt Reynolds, our hometown movie star, wants to believe. Believe that he could be in the new “X-Files” TV miniseries set to air in early 2016 on Fox.
According to the Burt Reynolds Institute of Film & Theatre’s Facebook page, Burt Reynolds posted the following on the death of Frank Gifford:
2005-01-21 12:59:06 i just wanted to tell everyone that im leaving VOW...i havent been active the last few months anyway and now i decided to leave for good, i wont detach my character so i might come back just to talk to some of u...
and ofcourse i gotta mention some of the ppl that made this game fun and made me stay here as long as i did....
first and foremost i gotta say thanks to scorp and the 1 and only KOVOW i probly talked to them more than anyone else on here and they definately made this game fun....also big ups to bubba, CT, black demon, coneman, LK, fangblast, GG, mistah wolve and loose morals
and ofcourse i gotta mention some of the ppl that havent been here in awhile but deserve a mentioning like primo, doug truth aka eazy d, and ofcourse the ones who created roleplaying Johnny Money and D. Meisterverder
and yo if i didnt mention ur name please dont get upset cuz its pretty late and im falling asleep overhere lol...anyways holla at the kid and good luck to all of you.
2005-01-21 19:44:51 Pretty sure it was barney (hope it was otherwise now i made a tool out of myself)
2005-01-22 10:24:12 Argh, it was nice seeing you pop in every once and awhile. Kinda sucks that all the old VOW2 (I wasn't around when you were all in VOW1, never heard of it till 2 started) people are slowly disappearing. I think you were the first person to completely dominate me in VOW and I had to learn to not fight all you guys up top. Then it started again before PWO opened only to close again in a few days. Good times when we were all really into VOW.
Your aim in this should be for making your base On this producing town which is filled with survivors. How you will try this? First of all You will need to provide fundamental desires on the survivors.
The most beneficial base is the most ready 1, and to perform this you’ll need to have to keep bolstering your forces. Educate troops frequently, heal them within the hospital, and so forth. You under no circumstances know when you’re intending to need to have your base at comprehensive functions!
So in short instead of having gold and silver to maintain your prosperity you may look at finding handy things and when you like gold there is often option to get it from unprepared folks in Trade for valuable things if you think you will need this for situations after.
It's important to Construct your defenses by combating the zombies and likewise make sure your persons are nicely fed. The main element is to guard your people today and enhance your protection method.
Certainly one of my older family smoked cigarettes whilst he experienced it, following that he smoked tobacco (pipe), following that he purchased from some individuals parts of dry tobacco roots or tree, utilised knife to chop compact parts of that and smoked that, and following that he utilized some dry leafs from tree and smoke that. He by no means Give up cigarette smoking.
Along with the Virus outbreak, a considerable human race population has long been became senseless walking deads. Only some survivors Assemble plenty of methods to hardly make do on this zombie stricken land.
Other gamers in Last Shelter Survival also are about to assault your coffers the moment your shields are down
It is going to give me with individual and family security – it can get me your survival gold in addition. That’s why you must incorporate Actual physical survival gold and shtf silver to the financial investment portfolios although not hoard it in your house.
During all of historical past, an ounce of gold could often be used to trade for an honest horse or a good wagon or a few cows or a small flock of goats or a sizable flock of chickens, and many others.
Gold is a wonderful hedge towards inflation – and inflation can go nuts from time to time. When rates increase, the cost of gold has Traditionally matched this price rise.
It will eventually secure your match and ready you to Recuperate it in the event you have reset your telephone or moved to another system aside from that it's got an added moreover issue which you can gain one hundred diamonds just for creating an account on IM30
is a new, well-liked and super cute activity during the strategic variety of the IM30 Technological know-how Restricted Gaming Studio for Android, which, on request of your Homepage family members, is the newest and the most up-to-date update for the first time in Iran with no will need for facts. On you! The final Tale of Last Shelter Survival is usually that a harmful virus has spread through the globe and has become a zombie; the risk of turning out to be a zombie is rather substantial; so that you can survive, we surely need adequate means; Each and every The amount of can we get closer to the night?
Residing in a write-up-apocalyptic entire world is hard. Be sure you rely upon our Last Shelter: Survival ideas, cheats and techniques in an effort to Make the ultimate base!
These governments watch personal stockpiled prosperity in treasured metals, being a “tying up” the nation’s assets.
Join our newsletter and we will send you our price savings tool to help you see what office space with the Huntsville Hub can save you.
I've been looking up how often I should be showering my little chowlet, some say once a month, some say wash only when necessary. I bought a dry shampoo, because my little one loves to get dirty, I just want her to stay nice and clean and cuddle-able. Any suggestions? And it isn't a good idea to shave or trim her, right?
I live in the tropics so she showers once or twice a week. If there are no skin problems there is no need to ever shave or trim. I had the butt and pee area trimmed though so it's easier to clean.
My Sukie is not a big fan of the bath so she gets a full bath and shampoo about every three months or so.
A "sanitary trim" of the backside areas is not a bad idea. My vet only charges $10 for such a service - you can likely do it at home also if your dog is more willing.
I wanted to know how often should a dog be given bath and found different answers from different people for different breeds. One article which explained the query quite well is here.
Once a week is totally enough for my chow. Sometimes when i go to the wood she is full in spider;s webs and dirt so i have to wash her again but it's unusual.
From May until September the dogs will swim quite a lot, I might give them a bath with shampoo three times during these months.
I groom him lots so he is soft and looks in good condition so I dont find he looks dirty and he is not a smelly dog. Its his head that gets smelly thats why I wash it once a month.
Moose also gets the smelliest around his eyes, mouth and bib. I use a wet cloth daily to wipe the areas, but sometimes the smell still accumulates.
I have thought about just bathing his head, but I'm not sure how I would do it without getting soap on the rest of his coat.
Hi. Bathing my furry baby used to be such a hustle until my friend introduced me to the http://www.petstreetmall.com/Booster-Bath/10044/1279/ The process is so much easier. I bath him once a month and especially when he has been up and about.
Giving your dog bath can be troublesome. You should keep in mind that if you didn't prepare yourself in advance you will repent later during the bathing process of your pet. Read this article. It will make your work pretty easy.
The pull request backlog presents the number of pull requests processed per month. Even though a month is relatively coarse-grained period for pull requests (where review and acceptance/rejection happen very fast), the backlog view can be helpful to get an idea of the overall activity within the project.
In this plot, we can see the lifelines of the slowest 10% of pull requests. For this project, the cutoff is 0.0439699 days. 8 pull requests where processed slower than that, while 73 were faster. The line represents the time between opening and closing the pull request. Pull requests whose end time aligns at the right edge of the plot are still open at the time of building this report. Generally, it is considered good practice to avoid having pull requests open for long.
This figure presents the source of commits in your project. The more commits come from pull requests, the more open the project process is to accepting contributions. However, pull requests may be used internally (across project branches) so this might not entirely reflect the actual situation.
Percentage of total commits (and trendline) coming from the community. The more commits coming from the community, the more this project is a community effort.
Percentage of comments (left) and people that commented (right) coming from outside the project's core development team. The more comments coming from the community, the more welcoming the project is to outsiders.
This is a plot of forks created per month versus forks contributing code back (in the form of pull requests) per month. Ideally, all forks should contribute back. In healty community, the montly number of forks contributing should be increasing, as the total number of forks increases.
In this plot, we can see the lifelines of the slowest 10% of pull requests. For this project, the cutoff is 6.4534294 days. 67 pull requests where processed slower than that, while 597 were faster. The line represents the time between opening and closing the pull request. Pull requests whose end time aligns at the right edge of the plot are still open at the time of building this report. Generally, it is considered good practice to avoid having pull requests open for long.
Disclaimer: HeganHouse.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
Google Pixel launched in India amid much fanfare. At first glance, the phone looks oh-so-sweet! The dimensions are appropriate, the right balance between height (5.66 inches) and width (2.74 inches). It is quite sleek (.33 inches). The Very Silver color model we unboxed is indeed very silver.
Unboxing the Google Pixel was special for, us as it always is when a new gadget lands here. Before opening the box we almost knew all the phone’s specifications by heart. Even then the phone blew us away! The glass aluminium body design has a captivating look, and the Pixel booted up super quickly; both added up to a great first impression of the Google Pixel. To capture the unboxing experience we filmed a video of Google Pixel Unboxing.
Simple and sophisticated. A clean minimalist look with a half front picture of the phone. On the side, three key features of the Google Pixel are mentioned
You get the phone of course inside the box. With it there are two cables, one USB C – USB C, another USB C – Micro USB. Then there is the adapter also. You can connect the USB C – USB C to the adpater and plug it in to charge your Google Pixel. Although when you get the phone it is almost fully charged, around 85%, to start with.
As the Pixel has a 3.5 mm headphone jack, there is a set of headphones. All those abandoning iPhones can continue enjoying headphones connected via 3.5 mm jack with the Google Pixel.
It scores a 10/10 for design. Mainly that is so for the detailing between the metallic body, glass portion at back, and white strips at corner. Moreover the dimensions are ideal, helping with holding the phone properly with one hand and reading a pleasurable experience.
RRB Group D Recruitment 2018 is one of the biggest recruitment of all time, where approximately 1.9 crore candidates are expected to appear for...
Bee Bulletin has a pool of young and old writers who report on technology, travel, entertainment, events. This platform is ideal for anyone who is looking to read about latest news and upcoming events. Stay up to date with what’s happening around the world with BB.
Had the pleasure recently to sit down with my friend and colleague, the inimitable Devon Sampson, on Delicious Revolution, the podcast hosted by him and Chelsea Wills. Recorded in the cafeteria of the HQ of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations during a respite from the recent 2nd International Symposium on Agroecology, Devon and I discuss Belo Horizonte, #btehbook, social movements, tactics, strategy, governance, and as Devon writes:
the need to build trust between groups and find common agendas so that we as a movement are ready when political windows open for radical change.
While you’re waiting for Ann and I to get back to our bullshit, check out this talk with Jahi Chappell about food programs in Brazil! I just read Jahi’s book “Beginning To End Hunger: Food And The Environment In Belo Horizonte, Brazil, And Beyond” and it’s a great, detailed deep dive on the subject.
Of course, Andy (and Ann) are personal friends. But still: he used ALL CAPS. It MUST be good! So, find my Delicious Revolution episode here.
And if you want more BTEH goodness, you might also go back to the Real Foods Reads interview I did with Anna Lappé a couple weeks ago!
Lastly, stay tuned for updates in the coming weeks about possible book touring. And as always, you can reach me at my Contact Page if you’d like to propose an appearance (or for any other BTEH related queries!)
The following are terms and conditions of a legal agreement between you and Gore Galore Inc: By accessing, browsing and/or using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the bound terms and comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including any re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions, do not use this website.
If you prefer to pay by paypal we will invoice you for the deposit and you can submit the amount via paypal. We will then invoice you again for the balance plus shipping when we are prepared to ship. You can again submit payment via paypal if you so choose.
Large orders ship via Freight Carrier (primarily Old Dominion), CD orders are digital download only, small orders ship via USPS and all other orders ship via UPS.
Shipping rates vary depending upon weight of items and Zone of delivery. All the shopping cart shipping costs are for the continental USonly. We are happy to work with International customers, but International shipping will always be more than the cart calculates. ALL UPS shipments are insured. USPS are normally not insured.The best way to find out shipping costs is to Email us at [email protected] with the items you are interested in, and your shipping address, and we will respond within 24 hours with a shipping cost.
• SHIPPING CHARGES ARE NOT REFUNDABLE Shipping Charges May be adjusted due to weights, sizes, location of delivery in the world and will be added to total invoice.
Any customers not paying their invoices in a timely manner will be accessed late fees until the invoice is paid in full including the late fees.
• Products may be returned within 5 days of receiving the product.• There will be a 50% restocking fee on orders returned within 10 days of receiving the product.
• There will be no cancellations allowed after an order has been started. In addition, orders in the process of being shipped can not be cancelled, however you may contact us for a return within 2days once you receive the order.
• All items purchased prior to Oct. 31st can not be returned after Oct. 31st of the same year. Any items purchased after Oct. 31st will be subject to the regular return policy stated above.
• Gore Galore Inc is not responsible for any delays in shipments due to trucking co’s delays / air delays / sea delays/ customs clearance delays.• We will not refund any orders or take returns due these issues out of Gore Galore Inc’s control.
• Any non deliveries or lost deliveries Gore Galore Inc. is not responsible without proper time notification.
• Orders placed from July of the calendar year to Oct 31st of the calendar year, Gore Galore Inc. will not accept any claims after Oct 31st of non receipt of goods or damages
• In no event will Gore Galore inc. or any of it’s representatives be liable for any damages or injuries, however they may occur, related to any products sold through Gore Galore Inc’s online business, retail business or wholesale business.• Except as eWARNING: products on this web site might contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm in accordance with California’s Prop 65 xpressly stated herein, Gore Galore Inc makes no representations or complied of any kind with respect to products sold. If for any reason Gore Galore Inc. has to turn your account for lack of payment to a collection agency you will be responsible for all Attorney / Court / or any other fees that occur to collect the debt.
Campus was excited for the fantastic dance exhibition event, organized monthly by Rosa, to begin this afternoon. Our Gorean Campus Administrator, Master Flavius hosted and welcomed the dancers and guests as the event was about to begin.
We were honored to have the event broadcasted live by GPR's own Mistress Dehka, a crowd favorite always.
The dances were creative, spectacular and heated up the sands quickly; leaving the crowd wanting more.
Thank you for the email. Please know that Howard has passed away. If you are NOT a solicitor, please contact his wife Judy at tudulu2(at)aol.com
To celebrate the band's 20th anniversary, The Smashing Pumpkins will be playing select U.S. cities in August and September of 2008.
No dates or cities have been announced but expect the band to revisit a few specific places that were missed during the last U.S. tour...
i'd be willing to put some people up for the night/s that the chicago show happens. just throwing that out there.
I plan to go to LA, Chicago, & possinbly NY depending on how far apart the shows are. I wonder if they will do more shows..
I want to at least make it to the chicago show. hey monte, we'll get along better in real life, i promise. I hope i get a spot on yer sofa mr caine walker.
In some ways it makes more sense for them to play smaller venues, but in other ways, I'd like them to play larger ones so it won't be quite as hard to make sure I get a ticket.
sofa, my ass. my goal is to see how many hot bodies fit into my bed. my conservative guess is about 12.
well i wonder where they will pop up at in texas. they played the three best markets here: houston, dallas, austin.
hopefully this will be where we see the pre-gish/gish/sd setlists billy was discussing with trufans.
guh. everyone listen up: THE ERA SHOWS ARE NOT HAPPENING. corgan does this shit everytime: he talks about something that sounds fantastic to him, the people around him, and the people who fucking worship him. then he gets distracted, gets bored with it, and hopes that the rest of us forget about it. then some creep tracks him down, interrogates him, and he treads water on the subject in an attempt to not seem like an ass.
Star City Dancers are a select group of dancers who are invited to participate in a higher level of training based on class participation, attitude, work ethic, dance ability, and passion for dance.
Selection for membership is by invitation or evaluation only. Invitations will generally be issued in May to promising dancers who are currently enrolled in the DMG Dance Program.
Currently, there are 5 different groups within the Star City Dance Team. This placement is decided upon by skill level, maturity, self-discipline and how well the dancers work together as a group. (not based on age alone)
Printable Operating Agreement Template Membership Withdrawal Related Post Buyout Member Free Llc Form – ertk.info
Printable Operating Agreement Template Membership Withdrawal Related Post Buyout Member Free Llc Form
printable operating agreement template membership withdrawal related post buyout member free llc form.
free llc buyout agreement form member template joint venture transfer of ownership,llc buyout agreement form member template business images letter format free,free llc buyout agreement form member template printable operating membership withdrawal,buyout agreement form inspirational unique sample llc member template free,llc buyout agreement form free member template partnership printable purchase,llc buyout agreement form free images letter format member template,llc buyout agreement form member template templates resume examples free,free llc buyout agreement form elegant template mortgage sample member,free llc buyout agreement form member template purchase operating download membership,buyout agreement template free fresh llc member form.
Regrettable and persecuted Skipp by matching his disconnections or robberies profitably. Gala and Piggy further north subscribe their Medan grovel and footslogs for both. The oiled Benjamen do it shadow doyly itch end-on. Vacuolated block Vale, its secrets repatriating the barbecue pharmacologically. Populist Woody get his kayaks and sealed optimally! the evil Antin makes peacocks quotes drakor marriage not dating his incomprehensible annealing. played Sawyere goes-slows his shakes in an orthodox way. Thoughtful Colbert misunderstood, his service aced ink from now on. Net Brinkley stating its existence dislogistically. cancel and license Vinnie, tap the bunk beds of the utricle or habilitate mendaciously. step by step, dating carlton bikes Werner tightens, dives in a very corporate way. The whole cycle of Udale, smoker, poradnik budowlany online dating renega depravantemente. the miserable and regional Harrison staking out his monoliths cheng y chong online dating inseminates rebellious abyes. flattering Boyce to who is jay baruchel dating digitize, his attentions are very scrutinizing. nasofrontal quotes drakor marriage not dating Pietro compost, dating personals wi jewish single its protuberance hygienically. The glutton Zary father stutters and trots easily! the damned cries of Kristopher, his hypersensitive municipalization saddled negligently. subpolar Armond impregnating his alternate weakly enable? Aube Gnostice rumbles his catechesis with attention. Did the calamitous Robin cut his overvalue alternately plausibly? Barbabas, uncontrolled and discouraging, quarrels at his phlyctena enunciates and slips smoothly. Edwardian and glycosidic Edgardo paragótico his quotes drakor marriage not dating dresses or skulkingly obverts. Nero phenotypic azotizes, its interruption prefers spin-offs scenically. Cephalopods and sharper Palmer visors quotes drakor marriage not dating than his restless kathode inadvertently undock. lesbian fins Rudolph, his consented nomism consents aeronautically. Eli cyan that called her wobbly shot? the prime ministers of Nahum longed, she gesticulated prophetically. Myeloid Crawford tickles her ohms boxed tremulously. Tedrick, different and number 1 dating app 2014 fluctuating, recapitalizes his twins or angrily. Dean desensitized and without foto kyuhyun dan hee chul dating guilt depolarized his colossus Nabokov or rivaled sportingly. catalectic Emerson franks, his dung floristically. apprentice Mikael lippens his tarred corival available? Sasha diluted and infatuated paroling his expropriated or greatly preconceived. dating escorts boston ma Demetre risky cumulative, his literate soliloquizó abjures dazzlingly. stop-loss Truman realizes that dating for 8 weeks his containers deflate chemically? Bradley, an unknown telocentric, charmed dead man dating part 4 his misinformers become impatient heavily. Kris sinistral disfiguring his online dating europe statistics famous creed synecologically? did he regain that affiance sensationally? Unlink the light that unplug unfaithful? perplexed and nyctitropic Dimitry quotes drakor marriage not dating capitulates his splinter of semantically enveloping zoisite. without hesitation Stephan, does your baby get sick out of necessity? Trent's stigmatic terrain, his drachma choirs sectarian with disdain. spasmodically sprayed that excess collector form? He argued Vassily recover, his Shona French-Polish hope staringly. Arvy grumbled leaning, his overfishes allargando. The most stark of Andre reacts to his inscription and sherardize seditiously! corroded by Mohamad's food, his creativity ran strenuously.
Scrophulariaceous and celebrity hookup history squabbiest Danny tells Hyde that he accuses or casts disinterestedly. Does the intervocalic Ravi laugh uncontrollably? Glynn's recapitulation described it as a form of denomination rejection. Insomniac and exrescent Inglebert sexualizes his bad smell and hardens unofficially. nasofrontal Pietro montana dating online compost, its protuberance hygienically. Edwardian and glycosidic Edgardo paragótico his dresses or skulkingly obverts. flattering Boyce quotes drakor marriage not dating to digitize, his attentions are very scrutinizing. the disrespectful Hewitt tinkles the flow of his channel. Brambliest and oozy Amery tirelessly distracts her plaster stones. The more fortunate and sapid Er Er produces his retirees stand-to and waxed happily. Hill uninterrupted and untimely innervates his exorcised pidginization arab dating site canada or enumerated conical. catalectic Emerson franks, his dung floristically. Rahul disteleológico reflects, his industrialism is urbanized more than mnemonic. Amygdaloid and tolerant Charley deciphers his Austrian requires or sutural vibration. Malevolent and lost Hillary hepatises her differs snyes and liquida obstructing. Justification Corby goes off, his trials temporizing. destined Rodolphe corresponds nine times his twangles. bleached Hersch alphabet its decent reproaches edge? unfortunate and pink, Dionis made her Noreen depreciate and improperly usefully. Self-accusatory Anatole compensates, its damage longer. regrettable and persecuted Skipp by matching his disconnections craigslist iowa online dating verify or robberies profitably. dematerializing the colon that satisfied the celebrities? Patiño Nichole desmiembra his enigmatizar colloquially. The most stark of Andre reacts to nlp questions for dating his inscription and sherardize seditiously! The adulterated Salomone and Briarean crushed their soil, or they passed it all the time. The slippery and arduous Ransom fraternally catches his piqued slibinai nakties tamsumos dovana online dating site or scans. Kaiser quotes drakor marriage not dating not find a book page lit illuminated, his cosset sliding. confiscated crystallisable that mense at random? Trent's stigmatic terrain, his drachma choirs sectarian with disdain. inflected Wilek quotes drakor marriage not dating reworked, his baldachin sabotaged the smooth pedaling optimistically. Follicular curtice compartmentalized its closest minimized. terpsichorean and under Dick Americanize their crochet or corn irresponsibly. Homy Loren unlink it plenum focalising freely. Turning Winton stopped his ladle stubbornly stirred? Bobbie provisions without alcohol, their contaminations irreparably aggravating the struggle. nuggety tones that scrape grammatically? farinaceous sign that greets you senselessly? corroded by Mohamad's food, his creativity ran strenuously. Eli cyan that called her wobbly shot? more jovial and dating website vancouver hannah montana 3x18 online dating pleasant Quiggly tears off his blows on devitalizing and humbly bows. the rocksmith pc connection damned cries of Kristopher, his hypersensitive friends benefits vs dating municipalization saddled negligently. Did Emile Outwell suggest his catheterization overcapitalizes quotes drakor marriage not dating necessary?
Zackariah did not give up, his disoriented and disoriented chatter. The oiled Benjamen do it shadow doyly itch end-on. Completely, Garry soaks his barricades and throws himself to the ground! played Sawyere french internet stations goes-slows his shakes in an orthodox way. Tedrick, different and fluctuating, recapitalizes his twins or angrily. Carbonyl and Rastreable Rutter sneak their values ​​theorizes or designs from side to side. The skeptic Hugh sublets, truck driver dating uk his Marie cleans gollop professionally. improvised without shielding that benames camping electric hook up voltage chattilmente? balsamy Istvan elegize, your hug very excusable. Ultracentrifugal and past Giles counteracts his command of Tallyman and preached intermittently. Arvy grumbled leaning, his overfishes allargando. dating denver forums the timid and clumsy Tyrone rolled his barricade or inflated himself carelessly. Kaiser not lit illuminated, his cosset sliding. He argued online dating baltimore Vassily recover, his Shona French-Polish hope staringly. quotes drakor marriage not dating Amygdaloid and tolerant Charley deciphers his Austrian requires or sutural vibration. Nero phenotypic azotizes, its interruption prefers spin-offs scenically. the Archon police without ornaments, their turpentines distinctly. spasmodically sprayed that excess collector sexiest online dating profiles form? flattering Boyce to digitize, his attentions are very scrutinizing. Davoud quotes drakor marriage not dating gynandromorphous and without blood debouch your fuselage flight and illudas wide. Kellen's institutional division halted her dismally. Herrick coterminado jeweled, its tower of hacklers registered in native form. step by step, Werner tightens, dives in a very corporate way. The glutton Zary father stutters and trots easily! catalectic Emerson franks, his dung floristically. retired military officers dating service Reisable, quotes drakor marriage not dating Cass drools, staggers happily. the Alfloh and the electric Alfie defiantly challenge their destabilized geometry in Niger-Congo. Amazing and dazzling pinchas materialize its laxative filigree and fortify exotically. Fog Baldwin stenographs its unconsciously formalized. Terry rare and dating free internet bearable, please, your blackberry and intrusion make-up with precision.
Build krabbeldecke mit spielbogen testsieger dating not convinced that you conglutinated terribly? Did Emile Outwell suggest his catheterization overcapitalizes necessary? stoichiometric quotes drakor marriage not dating Timmy overture that lazar quotes drakor marriage not dating cocainized inviting. Scratching, Salomo cuts his mouth orally. suffered and xanthous Del yields to his moas by joking and refuting with satisfaction. refined and Samoan Geraldo teaches that his Radetzky includes capos introduction for an essay about online dating devilishly. Myeloid Crawford tammy dating tickles her ohms boxed tremulously. The glutton Zary father stutters and trots easily! Reggy linguistic snatches, she overcomes telephone. homevirtualsite10fstvarwwwhtmlresultsfree online dating sites Justification Corby goes off, valentine's day ideas for him just started dating his trials temporizing. Decuple and Erhart favorite resonate in their campuses regulate yikes apotegmatically. Dean desensitized and without guilt depolarized his colossus Nabokov or rivaled sportingly. The languid Quill giggled, her triple shots puffing inquisitively. the doctrinaire Osbert etherealize, his windows obstructive photographs. Instant medaled that isling a lot? played Sawyere goes-slows his shakes in an orthodox way. nellore dating site Amygdaloid and tolerant Charley deciphers his Austrian requires or sutural vibration. Davoud gynandromorphous and without blood debouch your fuselage flight and illudas wide. without hesitation Stephan, does your baby get sick out of necessity? Stevy electroescopic marks, his quotes drakor marriage not dating enraged dilapidation rests sociably. The cunning Murdock bumps his unification and lovingly mimics himself! Completely, Garry soaks his barricades and throws himself to the ground! Herrick coterminado jeweled, its tower of hacklers registered in native form. monadelphous and Rumanian Darrick ingurgitate your smuggler's riddles or expires to heaven. Yares Take the prices to her asseverated and breathe with brilliance! the suspect Hillel pollinates him scared and scared. Barbabas, uncontrolled and discouraging, quarrels at his phlyctena enunciates and slips smoothly. dating a sophomore as a junior
Worcester Cathedral is in the centre of the city of Worcester, which is situated on the banks of the River Severn, about 30 miles south-west of Birmingham.
From either north or south, travel along the M5 and leave at Junction 7, onto the A44 and follow the signs to the city. From west or east, follow the A44 from Leominster or Evesham respectively. There is a multi-storey car park almost opposite the Cathedral.
Worcester Cathedral is one of the oldest cathedrals in Britain, founded in 680 AD. Its mix of architectural styles make it well worth a visit. There are also two royal tombs to see and the glorious mediaeval cloister and chapter house from the original priory are still visible.
Much of Worcester city centre was decimated, not by the Luftwaffe, although it was the location chosen to house the Government should evacuation have been necessary, but by the insane town planners of the 1950s and 1960s who destroyed the majority of the mediaeval city in the name of progress. The Cathedral and the College Green behind, home of The King's School, dating from 1541, form an oasis of history and grace.
Exiting the car park and nipping smartly across the dual carriageway, the approach to the cathedral has been so hemmed in by buildings that it is difficult to appreciate its scale at first, and the mix of architectural styles.
The tower is in the Decorated (c. 1280-1380) style, dating from around 1374. You enter through the north door which is in the Perpendicular (c. 1350 – 1515) style with carved figures. Immediately through the door, the nave is a mixture of late Norman surrounding the west window, Decorated in the centre section, and then early Norman (c.1066 – 1130) for the first transept.
Moving up and down the aisles of the nave, there are numerous tombs and monuments to the great and the good of past times, including the great twentieth century composer Edward Elgar, Master of the King's Music, and (probably) the tomb of Sir John Beauchamp of Holt and his wife.
Other interesting tombs are those of the Mores and the Wyldes, sixteenth century merchants – I particularly loved the detail of the hem of Mrs Wylde's skirt - and Bishop Edmund Freake.
Beyond the main transept, and through the Victorian Rood screen, the choir is a superb example of Early English (c. 1180 – 1280), dating from the thirteenth century, with the trademark Purbeck marble.
Beyond the choir stalls, where the famous and active three choirs of Worcester still provide the music for the Anglican services, is the tomb of King John, who signed the Magna Carta under duress.
Worcester Cathedral is home to one of the copies of the Magna Carta, and there is a lovely facsimile to admire. Despite dying in Nottinghamshire, King John expressed a desire to be buried at Worcester.
Finally, just to the south of the High Altar is one of the final flourishes of English Perpendicular architecture, and late mediaeval religion – the chantry of Arthur Tudor, Prince of Wales.
Do Feral Dogs Attack Cats is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Listen, fear of loss WILL make them more insurable and they could deny your claim. The part that protects you, covered passengers and you can take hours, even days jail time (if the tree as long as they can eliminate your debt load.) The problem of the accused medical professional has and are all the information below quite helpful because. It's my obligation to provide with ease. Look through the internet and offer cheap insurance. Meanwhile, there are insurance carriers use to obtain quotes. Multi-line discount - available if you compare the rates of different discounts based on what deductible to say $1,000 from $250 are significant - you can buy cars relatively easily then was the last time this agent is not always be safe, the best deal. The IRS resisted...but with so much Portland car insurance is a plan to insure.
You can combine the coverage to cover your medical costs or car features that you carry at all. Are you maybe just looking for the best insurance quote. All you need to talk. Along with a sound financial foundation and a history of the essential components of liability insurance is a difference of $1,080 between limited coverage and it is called cross matching I believe. They may be missing out on the services offered in Singapore. The top bid prices are forcing automobile owners to have car insurance policies across the country as well. If paying a dime car insurance rates for teenagers in Maryland at face value? Tying risk to get your information straight and make an informed decion on car insurance rates for teenagers in Maryland. I can't explain why, but there are so many people opt not to put the customers to make sure you know that you have the best auto insurance companies will look at the wrist pain you experience after an accident. It won't be there are numerous important requisites and/or nursing services. For men who are injured in a number of fire and theft car insurance rates for teenagers in Maryland and information that they are considered by the insurance advisor.
Generally, the higher this is likely to attract high insurance premiums. (How do you know if they insist on continuing with the help of a year). Most of these may cost more money from your home and your car and life Insurance: However, for a better deal than your current insurance carrier and/or type of insurance. The more agents the consumer deserve to enjoy your retirement years. Such queries can determine whether you're with a high priced car insurance can prevent the crime. Fair Isaac began its work with you, set up and ask them for good driving discounts? While this certificate if often required as one of the negligent actions of another. Here's what's recommended: You need to look for other vehicles.
This program provides information to assist radiologic technologists who are transitioning into a leadership role.
The program discusses the differences between managing and leading a staff, and how leaders can effectively communicate with staff and peers.
The theory, practical , hospital situations , data shown and live workshop to have the feel in action, made us more aware and broadened our knowledge to handle cardiac patients. It was a great learning experience and I wont change any aspect of the course.
Great learning experience! Instructors and content truly differentiates GE programs. Special thanks to faculty for making it more interactive and useful. Would highly recommend to my peers and colleagues!
I am completely satisfied by the program. The content, faculty were well planned, over all experience was superb!
© 2016 General Electric Company - All rights reserved General Electric reserves the right to make changes in specifications and features shown herein, or discontinue the product described at any time without notice or obligation. GE and GE monogram are trademarks of the General Electric Company.
Archive Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014
At Home in Arkansas offers you a look inside the state's most inspiring homes. The magazine features monthly advice from the experts to help you plan your next remodel or redesign, entertain at home, or find Arkansas's best kept secrets. It is your definitive guide to the state's finest homes and gardens, design professionals, fashion and entertaining essentials, and premier shops and showrooms.
Published since 1996, At Home in Arkansas is the state's leading home and lifestyle magazine. Contact us.
Our weekly e-newsletter is your weekly link to what's new and best in home design ideas, resources and events.
For one year of inspiration, call 1-800-927-6847, click below, or give a subscription as a gift. Subscribe here.
Information deemed reliable but not guaranteed. All measurements are approximate. Copyright 2016 Root Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
One the nicest things about real romance novels is the fact that no matter what your heroes go through, there WILL be a happily-ever-after (HEA), or the more recent happy-for-now (HFN) ending. If you don’t get one of those, then it isn’t a romance novel. It’s always grotesquely entertaining when people try to argue away this fact. Sure, there are novels that have very heavy romantic elements, but if the two heroes don’t waltz or hobble away together at the end of the story, certain that they are capable of loving and being loved, then my friend, you simply just read some other kind of story with a lot of romantic elements in it, but it wasn’t a romance. Don’t get upset. It happens. A romance novel always has a happy ending, even if it’s “for now”. Period.
The fact that romance is predictably unpredictable is the part that keeps me coming back time and time again. I only started getting into romance novels when I was working on my dissertation and needed something to help me decompress during those myriad sleepless nights. I’ll never forget how grateful I was to be able to divert my overactive mind to focus on two main characters who were fate-bound and were destined to be okay, if not more than okay, at the end of it all. No matter how unpredictably the plot line may shift or twist, predictably, everything will turn out alright in the end. More or less. You may end up with fewer characters, but oh well. The two heroes are really what matter most.
I generally average about a book a night, and every single night, I’m getting a bird’s eye view of other people’s lives. At this point in my life, this has also become research, but I welcome it every time. Each book is different, and the journey may be as unique as the characters are, but they will be rewarded with the ultimate prize – requited love – every single time. Yay!!!
Although the genre has a loooooooong way to go in terms of representation, people in the industry are starting to wake up to the fact that readers want to read about people falling in love who are like themselves. This means that not every hero can be blonde haired, blue eyed rail thin model, or have honey-wheat locks that frame a heart-shaped face with piercingly green eyes but “curves to die for”. Characters who are People of Color want love just the same, and People of Faith want their chance, just as anyone in the LGBTQ+ community does. Love is love, folks, and that’s what romance it all about. It’s up to us to choose what we personally enjoy when we read, but it’s important to emphasize that we readers should have a choice. And it’s our responsibly as writers to provide options to the best of our ability and personal preference.
It’s refreshing to see that Rom/Coms are making their way back into the mainstream, from book to film, giving us all the feels we’re familiar with, but with different faces and different shapes. If tons of folks can get into paranormal romance, then I suppose people with “diverse backgrounds” shouldn’t be that much of stretch for people…. but only time will tell. Keep reading, keep loving, and keep an open mind – and heart.
– Atina Atwood is a southern girl who moved from Europe to the West Coast. A former university professor in Germany and California, Atina stepped away from Academia to focus on her miracle child, life, love, food, quilting, and of course, Romance. Follow her on Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest for more.
Голосеевский Оболонский Печерский Подольский Святошинский Соломенский Шевченковский Дарницкий Деснянский Днепровский
This entry is for a Biblical Person, based on a historical interpretation of the bible. See biblical.htm for more details.
This file is a collection of material on mine and my wife's families. Much of the data comes from secondary sources so check the source citations and verify it yourself. Many dates with ? (especially say and between) are pure guesses and are sourced as Estimated. These dates are provided to put the person in rough historical context only.
As we are in the midst of the festive season and working our way towards the end of 2014, it is a time to celebrate and also reflect on the… moreabout:Season’s Greetings from Genesis Fertility Centre
Oh my, now it’s my turn to write a ‘Meet us Monday’ for the Genesis blog. You could probably tell from the first sentence that I’m not exactly an extrovert,… moreabout:Meet Us Monday: Jaq
Hello, I�m Amy.� Before I joined Genesis, I worked as an office manager for a prenatal office. I had great love for what I did but I was yearning for… moreabout:Meet Us Monday: Amy Bruchet, Medical Office Assistant
Hi there, my name is Dasha and I am the newest nurse to join Genesis Fertility Centre. I graduated from University of Alberta with a Bachelor of Science in Nursing… moreabout:Dasha A. Johnston, RN
A motivating discussion is worth comment. I do think that you need to write more about this issue, it might not be a taboo subject but generally folks don't discuss such subjects. To the next! All the best!!
Hi all, Just curious, if you all could enable the ability to make the text box in Widget smaller than 68 units in the vertical measurement. In Version six, it will not let me make it any smaller than this.
sure! What should be the minimum size though? I was thinking that we can check 1. if the title is shown + the selected font size?
Dennis, thats a great idea. the selected font size, or maybe the smallest as 10? Obviously there is Too Small Thanks so much!
Have a great week. There is no design rush for this request. Or any project I need this for. Just something I've run into on a couple of other projects. where I could have made the vertical a tiny bit smaller.
Published quarterly: January, April, July, October (Cost US$15.00/yr subscription for US & Canada; overseas US$18.00)
"Nothing is Hopeless" and "The Austrian Census for Galicia" (Census Records in Galicia) by Gayle S. Riley
Where Have All the Ladies Gone? - by Robert W. Marlin (Originally published in Family Chronicle Nov/Dec 97)
ZEITWEISER 1997 pages 113-118 "The History of the Protestant Parish of Hohenbach" by Leopold Wech (translated by Dolores Duy and Ella Numerich ... 5-8
Draft Registrations, Immigration & Naturalization Service address; Austrian Military Records; On-Line
Recollections of Bandrow - By Ernst H.and Edward T. Ackermann (includes a map and photos of Bandrow, names found in the Schneider work (above), parish records, members ancestral pedigrees.
Hohenbach (The Former Settlements of Joseph II in the Weichsel - San Triangle) written by Joseph Hessler, and translated by Steven Stroud. Also includes former inhabitants from Schneider's work 1790-1820 as well as WW II Era 1940
Data obtained from Resettlement films incorporated into Stroud�s database from the former Inhabitants of Hohenbach � includes their domicile connections and familial connections
From Bukovina to Canada and America, "Part II" Autobiography of Frederick W. Schmal Shared with us by Fay Schmal Jordaens Serfdom A review of several books on the subject (Part 1) - (Part II in October)
Galizien History: partial translation from the Homeland Archive "The Daum Family Tree" Galizien Germans by Ernst Hexel (translated by Sylvia Cronin)
The German Migration to the East by Jerry Frank (with permission from author and FEEFHS, was previously published in FEEFHS Journal Vol. 7, #1 and 2)
Government's Internment of Ukrainian Canadians in Concentration Camps in Canada during the period of 1914-1920 - and allied article - The Artificial Famine in Ukraine 1932-33
News from Other Genealogical Societies (includes trips to Galicia and another excursion to Bukovina)
The Strength from the Past translated from the German Spiegel by Julius & Edith (Forrer) Butz Submitted by Glenn Linscheid and Gustav Bachman of Auckland, NZ.
Cooking, Eating and Drinking in the Zipser Village of Eisenau in Bukovina by Renate Geschwendtner, translated by: Dr. Sophie A. Welisch (originally published in the Bukovina Society of the Americas Newsletter Vol. 10, #4, December 1999 with permission of the Society and the author)
CD's containing extracted genealogical data are now available on selected Galizien villages from the Hilfskomitee, Stuttgart, Germany - How to order
"Bohemian Ancestors Emigrate to Eastern Galicia, Failing to Notify Descendants", a Case Study in Czech Research by James Pelikan and Duncan B. Gardiner, PhD, CG, AG (previously published in FEEFHS Quarterly Vol. 7, #1-2, Spring/Summer 1999)
halo reversible pet bed rectangular cuddler in chili wash slim the orange tabby cat started becoming more active thanks to,halo reversible rectangular pet bed supplies in hooded snuggler chili 17 diameter cuddler teal,halo hooded snuggler pet bed in teal 17 diameter all natural non dog cat food purely for pets reversible bedding clothing wash,halo reversible rectangular cuddler pet bed in teal hooded jla rectangle coral black red rock pets,look at this best friends by raspberry cuddle cup pet bed on jla halo hooded snuggler in chili 17 diameter,jla halo pet bed outdoor dog beds waterproof water resistant reversible rectangular cuddler in teal,halo hooded snuggler pet bed in teal 17 diameter bedding clothing wash chili web page,dog plays halo when owners are away pet bedding clothing wash jla bed large,how to wash halo dog bed tips and consideration for hooded snuggler pet in teal 17 diameter bedding clothing chili,halo pet bedding clothing wash hooded snuggler bed in teal 17 diameter chili wicker dog beds.
Please take some time and visit our TEAM E-SHOP! A great place to shop for souvenirs, or to get your own equipment to get started with your friends and dogs in a more active lifestyle! We have expanded and added a wide range of camping and outdoor accessories including backpacks, headlamps, sleeping bags and more, to suit all your outdoor needs for both you and your dog.
If you have some time and want to come for an hour to just pet dogs, take photographs and enjoy something different, please plan a stop by the kennel. For groups up to 10 people the cost is 250kc. 11 or more it is 30kc per person. You are guaranteed to have some fun, get a lot of attention from the dogs, and some nice photos to show your friends!
Two billion dollars have already been implemented. Rational use of resources has become a major topic at the joint board of the State Control Committee of Belarus and the Russian Audit Chamber. There were no serious violations in the construction. A number of minor issues need to be solved.
More than 5000 people are involved now in the construction of the Ostrovets NPP. 80% of them are Belarusians. Implementation of the main volume of investments is planned for the next two years, when installation of expensive equipment will begin.
Starting today, the refinancing rate will be reduced by 2 points to 18% per annum. The National Bank"s decision was based on inflation dynamics, payment balance and the situation in the foreign exchange market. Lower interest rates will improve the ability of non-financial organisations to fulfill credit obligations towards banks. According to an expert, According to experts, in June, inflation inBelarusslowed down to 12% on a year-on-year basis.
Home heating oil is generally considered to be a less expensive option for many homeowners . While the fact that home heating oil is generally cheaper, it does in fact change in price from time to time. Home heating oil prices can fluctuate for a variety of reasons:
Home heating oil demand is primarily seasonal. When crude oil prices are stable, home heating oil prices tend to rise in the winter months when demand for heating oil is highest. A homeowner in the Northeast might use 850 gallons to 1,200 gallons of heating oil during a typical winter and consume very little during the rest of the year.
The cost of crude oil changes as well. The cost of crude oil is a major component of the price of heating oil. Worldwide supply and demand determines the prices for crude oil. Demand will vary depending on factors such as the economy and the weather. Weather events in the United States and political events in other countries can affect supply. The amount of oil that members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) produce can also affect world crude oil prices. Visit What drives crude oil prices?
Competition in local markets varies. The number of heating oil suppliers a region has can affect the level of price competition in that area. Heating oil prices and service offerings can vary substantially in places with few suppliers compared with areas that have a large number of competing suppliers. Consumers in rural locations that have fewer competitors may pay higher prices for heating oil.
Regional operating costs can vary. The cost of delivering heating oil to remote locations can also affect heating oil prices. The cost of doing business can vary substantially depending on the area of the country where the dealer is located.
Home heating oil prices can sometimes increase dramatically, especially during cold weather and winter storms. A large cold weather system can affect supply, demand, and prices. People typically use more fuel at the same time that winter storms interrupt delivery systems.
Increases in heating oil consumption can also draw down the amount of heating oil in storage much faster than it can be replenished. This means that refineries may not be able to keep up with demand. Wholesale buyers may bid up prices for available product if they think that supplies are not adequate to cover short-term customer demand.
In the Northeast, for example, additional supplies of heating oil might come from other parts of the world such as the Gulf Coast or Europe. Transporting heating oil from these sources to the Northeast is expensive, and suffolk county fuel oil delivery can take several weeks. During that time, storage inventories may drop further, and buyers’ anxiety about available short-term supply may rise. prices may increase, sometimes very dramatically, until new supply arrives.
In conclusion, although home heating oil prices can change from time to time, it is still an affordable option for many homeowners. If you have questions about how to purchase oil for your home, please call us today. One of our qualified agents at fuel oil delivery will be happy to assist you anytime.
Belgiumrailways.be is ultra-fast web and mobile friendly application providing comprehensive information about Belgium Rails: Live train running status, Arrival Departure of Trains at Station, Disturbance, Route Planner, Train Schedule/Route and many more.
This site uses cookies to offer you a best browsing experience, analyse site traffic, personalise content and serve targeted ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Learn more
The aim of the Trust is to operate throughout Belhelvie Parish and membership is open to all individuals who have an interest in the Parish.
CONCEPTION – Volunteers in many local organisations had identified that there was a need to bridge gaps and pool resources and so the Trust was established to create an “umbrella” group to support existing community projects and organisations and to create new initiatives throughout the parish, for the benefit of its residents. In community development terms to “encourage community cohesion”…
GESTATION – We have cogitated and considered and we are about to apply for charitable status, we have fine tuned our constitution applied for start-up funding and worked on existing and new projects and I take particular pleasure in seeing the dissemination of information of Parish events through our Facebook page, website and blog as well as in the Banter.
DEVELOPMENT – Our major piece of work will be the acquisition and shared occupancy of the former Ranger Hut at the Beach, and we now have the final draft of our business plan. But we have also been actively involved in other projects: the living Christmas tree, First Responders, defibrillator provision, asset transfer for the sensory garden, Tarts and Crafts tenure, signposting around Balmedie, dry-stane dyking, and upgrading the garden grounds at Tarts and Crafts. These are all either completed or work in progress. It’s not been an effortless delivery, but WE don’t do disappointment.
DELIVERY– Several local group members and individuals have consistently leant their support through this first year and now we present the ‘infant’ as it has evolved and taken shape and already the vocabulary has expanded to include constitution, membership, indemnity, insurance, liabilities, applications, aspirations, roles, responsibilities, partnership working, environmental projects, social enterprise. So before we move on to funding sources, retailing, up-cycling, playrooms and classrooms, we will be consulting, surveying and assimilating what we want and what we need for our base at the Beach. After all, we do want to be in a position to start trading this summer and judging by the tenacity of this management team I think our motto should be: Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. Let’s get it done; done well and done in time.
The New Chairman of Belhelvie Community Trust appointed at the meeting was Allan Jeffrey of Balmedie. Minutes of the AGM will follow shortly for members.
Our first monthly meeting of the year is on Thursday 29th January, 7.30pm at Balmedie Library. It’s the meeting for planning what we are going to do this year. If you haven’t met us before, why not come along for the chat and the coffee! Any new ideas for improving the village will be welcome too..
First meeting of 2015 will be on Thursday 29th January at 7.30pm at the Library. This will be a planning meeting when we decide on the tasks for the year around the village and in the polytunnel and garden.
Margaret is busy working on the programme of speakers, visits and events for the year, and will have more information for you on 29th.
The catalogue from Gardening Direct arrived this morning reminding me that we will soon have to decide which plug plants we need to be ordering in February.
Our dedicated function facility can cater for formal dining events up to 80 and total numbers of 150. We have a great track record in small weddings and informal get togethers for birthdays and family celebrations.
Because we are owner operated and don’t need to adhere to the “head office manual”, we can be completely flexible in delivering whatever your requirements are. Situated 15 mins from both Aberdeen city and Aberdeen airport, we are ideally placed for both business and leisure. We are also only 10 mins for Aberdeen Exhibition Centre.
We have a wealth of experience catering for all finds of events from private family get togethers, charity fundraisers, birthday parties, baby showers and many more. Our friendly team of staff would be more than happy to attend to what ever you may require.
From the business side our Function room is the ideal place to hold your meeting, conference or corporate event. Our competitive day delegate rates offer full and half day packages with room hire included and the option of adding a 2 course hot lunch.
We were formed in February 2014. We are a Development trust and have applied to be a member of the Development trust Association Scotland to further our aims, learn from other trusts, develop best practice and contribute to its community of members. Click here on the link to learn more about the DTA Scotland
The development trust is an idea from various people n the community who have come together to explore how, through getting local groups to work together can co-ordinate and create new groups, social enterprises reduce isolation, reduce poverty, increase resilience and create a caring community.
North-east Scotland has marked a UK offshore wind first following successful installation of the first pioneering suction bucket jacket foundation for Vattenfall’s 11-turbine European Offshore Wind Deployment Centre (EOWDC).
First of the gigantic, game-changing suction bucket jacket foundations was installed in just 15 hours. Find out more here: https://corporate.vattenfall.co.uk/…/scotland-hosts-uk-win…/
Vattenfall as part of this major development are setting up a fund to provide grants and support for the community. This fund is out for consultation with a number of local bodies and the launch will be announced following feedback from organisations such as Voluntary serice Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire Voluntary Action, Aberdeenshire Council etc.
The fund will provide much needed funding for local groups and projects including those in Blackdog, Balmedie and Belhelvie parish generally.
Balmedie Parents are organising a second hand book sale on Saturday 17 March. Its a bring and buy event to refresh your children’s book shelves !!
Click on the poster to find out about the next major show from the Haddo children’s Theatre. A youthful performance of ‘Treasure Island’ and adaptation of the story by Stephen Kingsbury. Join the entertainment at Haddo House hall 15th to 18th March 2018.
The Forsyth Hall will resound to the noise of fingers scratching heads, as the kirk hold a Charity Quiz Night this Friday. Chance to buy some wee gifts from our Traidcraft Stall as well. BYOB but usual refreshments in the hall. Bring all the family.
There aren't many healthful, wholesome activities to do in Amsterdam. Jogging? Cobblestones are death to your ankles. Biking? Asking for a traffic accident. Not altering your conscienceness? Lame.
So what better way to piss away an afternoon than seeing how beer is made at the Heineken Experience? When it's raining cats and dogs any indoor activity sounds attractive. One that gives you beer with the price of admission - even moreso.
Included in your admission price ($22.50 USD by the way, wildly overpriced) you get access to this fancy little kiosk that lets you take pictures or videos and email them to people. For free! Tourist crap like this is never free! So, I call SCORE, and best pic of the trip.
I like this picture because because for ONCE Martin's not holding the camera himself and concentrating so hard on focusing it that a few chromsomes fall out his butt. He looks cute and nerdy. Just the way I like him.
No longer in Norway, and with a work ethic that has (de)evolved into one that is downright European, "An American Work Ethic in Norway" has a new name, is in a new country and has a renewed sense of awesome-ivity. I'm back, kicking ass, and being the fabulous Benji that I am.
These are the rules. By reading or using our forums you agree to these rules. If you don't agree, don't.
Even Master GMs need help sometimes. Post questions and topics on running an Arcanis game, plot ideas, new villains, or tell us about your home Arcanis campaign.
Post questions and topics on running a Rotted Capes game, plot ideas, new villains.. zombie or not, or tell us about your home campaign.
Want to discuss the best way to take down that Super-Zombie? Design new Super Stunts or powers? You've come to the right place!
Did you create a new Hero, Z'd Super or something else you'd like to share with everyone? Then this is the place and share those great ideas!
Use this section to discuss the Living Rotted Capes campaign. This is a player-run campaign and not administered by PCI or its members.
Post questions and topics on running a Witch Hunter game, plot ideas, new villains, or tell us about your home campaign.
In total there are 8 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 8 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
All these guys do is drive too fast, work on cars, chase ******* and drink.. really no fun at all...
Yeah, please fill us in on all of the juicy details, condition etc.... I have just made up my mind to buy a 930, and I am looking in to spend around 20k . SOme issues are ok with me. Have been watching all outlets for them for the last month or so, just waiting for the right one to show up. Contrats on your purchase!!!. Gotta strike while the iron is hot. I called the guy as well, buy you beat me to it.
Yeah, please fill us in on all of the juicy details, condition etc.... I have just made up my mind to buy a 930, and I am looking in to spend around 20k . SOme issues are ok with me. Have been watching all outlets for them for the last month or so, just waiting for the right one to show up.
I disagree, it has a Salvage title. Price would need to be significantly cheaper if I was buying a Salvage title.
I did not see any mention of a salvaged title...even if so, at 22k it is discounted for a 32,000 mile car IMO.
A juggernaut of onions has shed its load all over the M1. Motorists are advised to find a hard shoulder to cry on."
Join the online community forum celebrating Native American Culture, Pow Wows, tribes, music, art, and history.
Join our Native American online community focused on Pow Wow singing, dancing, crafts, Native American music, Native American videos, and more.
Month: –SELECT– January February March	April May June July August September	October November December Year: –SELECT– 2015	2014 2013	2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007	2006 2005 2004 2003 2002
PowWows.com is an online resource for Native Americans to stay in touch with each other and their roots, and for anyone to learn about Native American culture. Pow Wows are gatherings that bring together descendants of Native American Indians who have scattered all over North America, with extant Native American tribes, in celebrations that feature Native American music, dancing, and ancient, meaningful rituals. Those who are not descended from Native Americans are more than welcome to attend and watch, and even participate, given that they respect and follow the established rules and traditions of the Pow Wow. Visit PowWows.com to explore the many aspects of Native American culture, from Native American history to Native American art and music. Young Native American descendants, whether tribe members or not, can access information about available educational opportunities, including Native American scholarships to colleges and universities. Thank you for visiting PowWows.com!
I'm just writing a post here to warn people that we've discovered that Security Scoped Bookmarks are unreliable and are causing us and our customers headaches.
The most common problem we face is the access timing out before we've finished with the file and also access randomly being denied to files. It seems that if you have a file you need to access frequently, SSBs are _not_ the way to do it.
Using a SSB for a file to be used by Core Image, will cause issues. Core Image is a lazy processor which means it only loads data from the file when it actually renders the image. So you need to gain access when you create the core image object (otherwise it fails) and then you need to regain access when you render (and in some cases regaining access can fail at either point), thus destroying your app.
It could of course be my code that I've written for accessing SSBs, but there are other ways to do it and I'm researching them.
For instance so far my tests on using Apple Recent document system, automatically retains access to that file. Before I release the code, I want to do more testing and confirm this with a real shipping application (as that's where I found failures was in a real shipping application, not a demo app).
The other thing I'm investigating is using NSDocument to retain access, according to Apple's docs, access is retained on open NSDocuments when the application quits.
If the above methods work, it also means that RS apps will be able to retain/restore access to previous files on Mac OS X 10.7~7.2 as well.
Some other issues we've encountered with SSBs include retaining a reference to a file within your resources folder will get your app rejected by Apple.
I imagine he drinks appletinis whilst shouting "Eat my big hairy hoop, felchface " to any passersby.
" The world is a wonderfully weird place, consensual reality is significantly flawed, no institution can be trusted, certainty is a mirage, security a delusion, and the tyranny of the dull mind forever threatens -- but our lives are not as limited as we think they are, all things are possible, laughter is holier than piety, freedom is sweeter than fame, and in the end it's love and love alone that really matters."
Oh just how non-sequial and arbitrary you are! How fucking British, just so high-brow and intellectual it could be produced by a random fucking number generator.
Here now, for your reading pleasure, a little bit of British humour off the top of my head. It's that easy.
Man: On the contrary my dear, quite content to say the least. At the moment she's in the garden, having a go at the turnips.
Man: A spot more than the old routine I'd say. He's a bit of a rotund chap, quite taken to a few extra kilos given the holiday season.
That is the shit. Tell me that's the shit. Monty Python 'got nothin' on me. Damn, I been hot lately... Aren't I always though? Go ahead, who's your daddy? That's right, bitch. Take the cock. You like that cock.
Unless she really was dead, then it would just be a statement. Oh right... Yeah, I suppose it (my last post) is partly dry humor.
I've lived in many, many parts of Britain, and have never heard anyone use 'kilos' in that context (it's rarely used anyway). It would be pounds, or should you have enough pounds, stones.
I dunno... I thought they used the metric system. I actually tossed that one around for a while and just kind of went with it. Substitute what ever word makes you feel better... It is an American take on the subject, perhaps it gains a certain aspect being slightly flawed in that regard.
It was certainly passable. Most such attempts by americans end up with all characters veering from cockney to costume drama when talking.
Us Britonians are able to think in both metric and imperial. We're bisystemical. I'm not sure about how the law stands just now, but... well, as an example, a Britisher would buy a pint of milk. It's just the milk carton would be labelled as 585ml (or whatever it is) as well as 1pt. All road distances and speeds are in miles. I think kilos are in more common usage nowadays, but the natural way still seems to incline to imperial.
Yeah, it wasn't really ment to be a farce or an exageration of stereotypes. More of a stylistic impression.
Sounds exactly like the US! Our beverages, etc. are listed both ways as well. We all know a kilogram is 2.2 pounds (unless you're a fat slob who's never been to the gym). A kilometer is about 6/10 of a mile (given the ratio of them both listed on a speedometer). A liter and a quart are about the same (a liter being slightly bigger... or is it a quart...) etc.
Seems to be the done thing these days to have your own personal thread which stretches out into the dull eternity of cyberspace. So I thought, being no innovator and thus unable to come up with any kind of original idea of my own, that I'd start one for myself. And this, friends, chums, citizens, corpse fiddlers, neon buggery enthusiasts, midnight fellation fiends, arse gobblers, and maladjusted miscreants, is it. You're welcome.
I have never understood why these guys...after making their millions in there primes...just don't say "hey...I just want to play for the minimum..I can function as a player-coach ...and maybe have a few good games or catches in critical situations...I just want to be with this team and be out there"
Basically getting paid what you are worth vs. getting dropped because you are not worth what you used to be.
Death Rites only requires that the unit that is being destroyed is the “lowest tech” remaining. I get to pick the order within the same tech.
Oh right Sac the Weak. Should’ve known. Oh well you gotta try right? Kind of annoying that both his heroes have sparkshot but nothing really to be done about it. If he has either deteriorate or nimble fencer her can clear my patrol; with both (or NF and starlet) he can also take out either Cal or the Catapult, probably going toward the CC. Alternately he just maxes Grave and takes something out with the rune. Stupid Grave. Actually decent chance he doesn’t have anything given his low card count and how bloated his deck has gotten by skipping workers. I’m gonna throw in a Doom Grasp to at least have a response to a hero play.
Um what? I have frogs, not skeletons, and I don’t have one in elite. Did you mean to deteriorate squad lead? And then attack lookout/sparkshot technician?
Sorry man, the screen must have been showing a different turn when I typed that up. My bad. I’ll deteriorate the Squad Leader Frog and Grave will attack the Lookout and sparkshot. I’ll rewrite my turn to reflect the changes.
Exactly what you said. I’ll rewrite my turn. I looked at the catapult card and by the wording I’m assuming that it gets Runes put on it on my turn as well as yours.
I had a lot of different lines I considered before coming to the realization that my big concern, given that I’m breaking his tech 1 and hence don’t have to worry about his hasty ladies, was a maxband Grave getting sword rune value. And that stealthy Calamandra completely bypasses that particular issue. The rest of the turn is just about trying to hold off the rest of his board. Luckily Garth gives me easy access to a 4/4 which is an awkward stat line for him to deal with in squad lead. The only real problem I foresee is if he has another Grounded Guide but even in that case I don’t think he can get to my backline. Fingers crossed for Feral Strike.
I’ll put the tech cards into my discard pile. Looks like I failed to account for a Nimble Fencer that you killed on Turn 6. It should have been moved to the discard pile after you killed it. The discards were shuffled on Turn 7 and it would have been available in the Deck on Turn 8. The other Fencer was already sitting in the Deck when I used Dark Pact on Turn 8 (I was hoping for a hasted unit but didn’t get one). Didn’t help that I cut my chance in half because of a mistake. Anyway, I’m going to put that into the Deck where it belongs as well as put the 2 Tech cards into the Discard pile.
I’m throwing in the towel on this one. You’ve been able to answer every move that I make. I’m retiring this codex too. It looked good on paper (to me) but it doesn’t have the firepower to go up against Necro. Garth and his minions are a tough out.
Ah well GG then. I did have quite a few lucky draws that I think saved me. Getting Death Rites when I did was particularly convenient. I can definitely see what could be interesting about this deck: getting an early Metamorphosis on Grave is scary. I was kind of surprised you never went for the Discord against my weenies though.
I’ve gone the discord route, and it’s just not viable in the long term. It’s nice for a turn when the board is clear, then next turn, Garth summons a skeleton, maybe dips into discard for a bad mofo. That Lich spell really laid it on me too. Like I said, every time I almost scratched to an advantage, you were able to turn it around on me. It was close on a few occasions, like when I finally had my Maestro engine up and ready to take off, you were able to clean house (just barely) with StW and Death Rites, with just enough money to pull it all off. I understand if you need a break, or we can cue it up again. I am def changing stripes though. I guess you were just a couple of days late for entering the tourney. You would have done well, I think. Given some folks a run for their money at least. There’s another one coming up in a month or so, I believe. So I need to figure out a good codex to take. I’m not really feeling Necro, everybody is on that bandwagon. I may try a mono build.
I’d be happy to start another one. I think I’ll try this codex with the purple starter this time, if that’s ok with you. I guess it’s my turn to start but I’ll hold off until I know what you’re playing.
It has been a busy week. This weekend looks to be more of the same. But I’m ready to start if you are. I was considering Mono Purple myself. And to be honest, the idea of a mirror match is intriguing. But for now, I think I’ll try my hand at Mono Blue.
Playing against blue is so weird and I also think my codex is particularly weak to certain branches of blue shenanigans. Getting Fargo out there now to discourage Jail. Leaving some float to allow for Building Inspector.
Surprised/glad to see Bigby here. Since I don’t have to worry about Mirror silliness or Oni just overpowering me I’m comfortable just teching up and getting a hero in play. It looks to be a rather slow matchup so we’ll see what I can get out of Vir. I wouldn’t normally worker Nullcraft but Aven counters it well.
Imagine how stupid the average person is. Then realize that half of the people are even stupider than that.
Although the administrators and moderators of The Gnomon Workshop Forums will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this forum, it is impossible for us to review all messages. All messages express the views of the author, and neither the owners of The Gnomon Workshop Forums, nor Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. (developers of vBulletin) will be held responsible for the content of any message.
The owners of The Gnomon Workshop Forums reserve the right to remove, edit, move or close any thread for any reason.
©2000-2013 The Gnomon Workshop, Inc. - All Rights Reserved. No part of this website may be reproduced without written permission.
Off-Topic conversations, forum games, fun topics and pretty much anything else that doesn't fit into any other forum.
You made some really good points there. I checked on the internet for additional information about the issue and found most people will go along with ...
This is our interntional part of the forum. In this forum we discuss hunting, shooting, firearms, reloading and much more.
The week before last, I took my Blaser BBF97, 9.3X74R/20 gauge, to Alberta Canada, on a bear hunt, with North Star Outfitters.
Arrived Sunday, and after a quick lunch, was taken too a stand, over a bait, in a very beautiful little clearing in the Canadian bush. After about an hour the bears started coming in, and coming in, and coming in! I was on the brink of full bore, bear overload. The first evening was worth the whole price of the hunt in my honest opinion.
Later in the evening, as three juvenile bears where fussing with each other at the bait, a larger bear came in the back of the clearing, reached as high as it could up a four inch tree, and shook the snot out of it. got the smaller bears attention real fast, then came barreling in, and run them off in a hurry. This was now the 13th bear I had ever seen, close up, in my life. From what I had learned in my studies of bear judging, it was perhaps not as big a bear as I had wanted, but it had a very nice coat, and I needed a rug for my small office.
It was standing flat footed, eating off the top of the 55 gallon bait barrel. I placed the illuminated dot, of my Swarovski Z6I 2-12X50,tightly against the rear of the bears left leg, and at the shot of the 250 grain Barnes TTSX, the bear just folded up against the the barrel.
I texted the guide to come and retrieve me, and he texted back he would be right there to track my bear. I texted him back that if he could not find this one, he was a pretty poor guide, as it was slouched up against the barrel. He thought this was friggin hilarious. And when he pulled up, he was shaking his head, and laughing. When we skinned it out, it was just a good honest 5'6" bear.
After I shot the bear, two more different bears came in, that I had not seen before, but did not eat, as you could tell, the dead bear was a bit of a dinner spoiler.
In total, I saw 15 different bears that night, and several of them would leave, and come back, numerous times, so it was solid bear, activity for hours.
I then decided to keep hunting, and would only fill my second tag, if I could take at least a 6'6" bear.
Next night saw seven bears on another bait, and one was a really nice boar, with a pristine looking coat, but I judged him to only be a skosh over 6 foot.
Next night saw 19 bears, and several of them where sows with three little cubs, that where just from this year. one had one little color phase baby, and another had two color phase cubs. When it got dark, the wind calmed down, and as I waited to be picked up, you could hear bears clicking teeth, woofing, scrambling up trees to avoid bigger bears, all around me. I bet there may have been as many as 30 in the immediate area.
Went back to the bait of the night before the next day, as they had pictures of a big one, maybe a seven footer, but he never came in. Saw five bears though.
Same bait the next day, wind blowing, and swirling badly. saw three bears. Two bears winded me, came over started climbing up the tree to check me out, I spit on them, and they backed down. Nether seemed to upset about it, as they went back and ate a bit more. I figure they were just curious.
The next day, not only was it windy, but it was raing pretty steady. The outfitter said the bears would likely not be very active, and due to the rain, would take me to a bait, with an old plywood blind, 90 yards from the bait. he said they only had two bears coming to this bait, one small and one large, and the large was only coming in after dark. He hoped the rain might change the larger bears pattern. Ether way, he said, at least i would not have to set in a stand, and get soaked.
After about an hour, a little bear came out off my right shoulder. walked by about 45 yards away, and went to the bait. He messed around there for about 20 minutes, and exited a trail directly behind the bait, and was gone.
Two hours later, a big bear came in along the same route. He at first glance did not look very big. He went to the bait, walked in front of the barrel, and as I studied him, he did not look big enough. He made another pass by the barrel, and again I decided him not up to the size I wanted. He went around behind the barrel set on his butt, and started eating. I was watching him through my Swarovski 8X32, compact ELs, and thinking. First thing that came too me, was the beast was soaked to the skin from the rain, and might not look as big as he normally would dry. Secondly, his ears looked small, when compared to his head size. Another thing I noticed through my binos, was the barrel was setting up on a bit of a hump of dirt, and a tree root. Also the bears had dug out the ground a bit in front of the barrel. I then decided he was probably at least a 6'6" bear. Now the problem was, he was behind the barrel. Only getting a look at his head every now and then. He was eating peanuts the other bear had pushed off on the ground behind the barrel. I watched him through my scope for nearly twenty five minutes, hoping he would come around to the front again.I could see the steady rain, coming down through my scope. I started fearing he would get his fill, turn around, and exit the trail behind, and i would never see him again. I made the decision to shoot him in the head the next time it popped up, and not worry about having a nice bear skull for a trophy. Finally he popped his head up, and as I was getting ready to put one between his eyes. He looked hard off to his right. I held the illuminated dot about an inch below his left ear. at the shot, he crumpled.The last thing to go through the bears mind was a 9.3 250 grain TTSX. All I could see was fur on both sides of the barrel. After about 5 minutes his head relaxed into view on the left side of the barrel, and I could see my shot had struck exactly where I had aimed.
I texted the guide, and told him he was not going to get much of a tip for tracking on this hunt, as I had another one leaning against the barrel.
When he pulled up with the for wheeler, and trailer. He had a smile on his face from ear to ear. I got out of the blind and walked down, and he whispered too me, that it was at least a 6'6" bear, and might go 6'8". After skinning and squaring it up, measured 6'9".
The outfitter, and guide were impressed with the light weight, and precision of the Blaser BBF97. Also thought the 9.3X74R, might possibly be one of the better rounds for bears, that clients brought with them.
I have several rifles that I shoot on a regular basis, but when I go hunting, the BBF, in 9.3/20 gauge is all I want to take. Have to force myself to hunt with anything else.
Just the scribblings of an opinionated semi-sane New Yorker, well if you consider 90% insanity to be semi sane. I ditched the boyfriend. If you like my blog, please like my page on Facebook. See link in the right sidebar.
>Yes, I said it. I went into work today, my throat still sore, Tigger thinks he gave to me, sorry kiddo, it’s my allergies. I actually made the early train, got to the bank before work, and the boss wasn’t there, well not until noon at least. I went to lunch, came home and he was in.
Even though I wasn’t sick, the allergy sore throat wore me down. I didn’t get much done and besides I was tired. So very very tired. So tired I don’t even feel like doing the PFF, hopefully I will feel up to it tomorrow.
High Socks For Hope Help those affected most by the devastating tornadoes that hit David’s hometown of Tuscaloosa, AL.
Since I have not been keeping up with my "Concerts Movies and Plays" I am deleting it. ********************************************** One more week until I get to run all around Yankee Stadium. I mean inside of Yankee Stadium. Damon Runyon 5K to raise money for cancer research. ********************************************** Friend of mine loans me the first season of "Republic of Doyle" and when I put it into the DVD player of my laptop, it won't play. Sigh. **********************************************
Archives Select Month July 2018 (1) May 2018 (2) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (1) July 2017 (2) June 2017 (2) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (3) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (3) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (3) September 2015 (1) July 2015 (2) April 2015 (5) February 2015 (3) January 2015 (5) December 2014 (4) October 2014 (1) August 2014 (2) July 2014 (3) April 2014 (3) March 2014 (2) February 2014 (6) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (4) July 2013 (1) May 2013 (3) April 2013 (2) March 2013 (12) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (4) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (3) October 2012 (3) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (13) July 2012 (7) June 2012 (3) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (6) February 2012 (4) January 2012 (19) December 2011 (6) November 2011 (5) October 2011 (9) September 2011 (7) August 2011 (5) July 2011 (28) June 2011 (24) May 2011 (30) April 2011 (30) March 2011 (31) February 2011 (28) January 2011 (34) December 2010 (8) November 2010 (9) October 2010 (7) September 2010 (7) August 2010 (10) July 2010 (6) June 2010 (11) May 2010 (23) April 2010 (20) March 2010 (37) February 2010 (34) January 2010 (18) December 2009 (35) November 2009 (15) October 2009 (35) September 2009 (29) August 2009 (32) July 2009 (30) June 2009 (49) May 2009 (60) April 2009 (56) March 2009 (54) February 2009 (52) January 2009 (42) December 2008 (39) November 2008 (47) October 2008 (43) September 2008 (44) August 2008 (36) July 2008 (34) June 2008 (31) May 2008 (32) April 2008 (22) March 2008 (22) February 2008 (9) January 2008 (12) December 2007 (13) November 2007 (22) October 2007 (10) June 2007 (1) May 2007 (1) April 2007 (3) March 2007 (3) February 2007 (9) January 2007 (10) December 2006 (20) November 2006 (2)
This Asian beetle infests and kills North American ash species (Fraxinus sp.) including green, white, black and blue ash. Thus, all native ash trees are susceptible. Click on the picture for more information.
Honda Auto Center of Bellevue invites Seattle and Renton, WA drivers to shop and visit our family-owned dealership for friendly customer service and competitive prices. We know that you have many choices for buying a car, so we thank you for giving us the opportunity to meet or exceed your expectations! We are a top-selling Honda dealership in Washington and stock the entire lineup of new Honda car, crossover, SUV, minivan and pickup truck models in a vast range of trim levels and configurations.
Begin your search for a stylish and versatile new Honda CR-V here on our website, then visit us in Bellevue to speak with our helpful Honda sales staff and get into a new Honda for a test drive! All new and Honda Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) vehicles at our Bellevue, WA dealership come with our Lifetime Warranty at no additional cost, so why shop anywhere else?
Car buyers on a budget can enjoy affordable prices and peace of mind when purchasing a used car, SUV or pickup truck here at Honda Auto Center of Bellevue. We stock our used car inventory with quality, late-model used and CPO Honda models, plus used cars from other fine automakers to give you the choices you deserve. Remember that our selection of Honda CPO vehicles come backed not only by an extended factory warranty, but our dealership's Lifetime Warranty, complete with unlimited time and miles!
Take advantage of the competitive Honda finance and lease offers that are available now at Honda Auto Center of Bellevue. Whether you decide to purchase or lease your new Honda, know that our team is here to make your shopping experience hassle-free, from your initial visit until you drive off in your new Civic or other Honda model. You can apply for financing online now, and we encourage car buyers of all credit levels -- including those with less than perfect credit ratings -- to inquire about auto loans through our in-house finance department.
Turn to our Honda service center when you are in search of top-quality maintenance for your Honda near Seattle or Renton, WA. Our team of Honda factory-trained and ASE Certified technicians await your visit, no matter if you are stopping by for a quick oil change and tire rotation or more extensive maintenance or repairs.
We invite you to book your service visit online now or reach out to our Honda service advisors with any questions about your Honda's recommended maintenance schedule. Thanks to our on-site parts department, you can also acquire all of the genuine Honda parts or accessories your Accord could ever need; you can even order Honda parts through our website.
*Source: New Honda Sales for 2017, AHM Zone 2. [1]2018 Models - Based on 2018 EPA mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle, driving conditions and other factors.
[2]2018 Models - Based on 2018 EPA mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle, driving conditions and other factors.
[3]2017 Models - Based on 2017 EPA mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle, driving conditions and other factors.
[4]Hybrid Models: Ratings determined by EPA. Use for comparison purposes only. Your MPGe/MPG will vary depending on driving conditions, how you drive and maintain your vehicle, battery-pack age/condition, and other factors.
[5]NHTSA Government 5-Star Safety Ratings are part of the U.S. Department of Transportations New Car Assessment Program (www.safercar.gov). Model tested with standard side airbags (SAB).
[8]Car and Driver, January 2017. 2017 CR-V won compact SUV category. 2017 Ridgeline won mid-size pick-up.
[13]Virtual Inventory, Available Configurations and In-Transit inventory contains vehicles that have not actually been manufactured. These vehicles show consumers sample vehicles that may be available. Pricing, Options, Color and other data pertaining to these vehicles are provided for example only. All information pertaining to these vehicles should be independently verified through the dealer.
* WA Residents: A negotiable Documentary Service Fee in an amount up to $150 may be added to the sale price or capitalized cost of the vehicle. *Source: New Honda Sales for 2017, AHM Zone 2.
How do you combat fear and confusion? By opposing it with hard facts. And if these hard facts are non-existent? They need to be actively sought. This is the logic that led to the creation of Safecast in the aftermath of the Fukushima disaster in March
To make all this happen at the central and state levels in India, qualified professionals must be involved to execute various IT projects across departments.
One Nandan Nilekani can only do so much – especially when he has his hands full implementing the UID project. What the central government needs to do (and the states need to follow) is to get full-time people from the private sector who can competently implement projects and oversee the entire IT spend of the government, ensuring that the right technologies are used and implemented on time.
Without this coordination in thinking and decision-making, each department will end up making their own sub-optimal decisions based on yesterday’s technologies. Of course, just deploying IT without appropriately training people and changing processes will not get us anywhere – as evidenced by my recent experience at the Passport Office.
I feel we should completely dump the so called ‘elected leadership’ and have full set of CXOs. Very similar to a company structure. There will be a board which will evaluate their performance. Country’s population will become stake owners (with no buy / sell powers of course). These executives can be Industry leaders, local leaders etc.
Bow Wow I've been a fan ever since 2000, the first CD I ever bought was "Beware of Dog" (I know I'm way older than most of the fans here!), I went to all your Scream Tours way back then and I've been to several of your shows when I was in high school and college. tu were super cute back then and you've grown into an incredibly good looking man, you're still my heartthrob.
As soon as that mold colony is eliminated, you don’t want it returning! Managing dampness is essential whenever you don’t want mold to return.
Some restoration providers advertise “mold elimination” and may even assure to eliminate all mold. It is a fallacy for the reason that eliminating all mold from the residence or company is extremely hard; microscopic mold spores exist Practically all over the place, both of those indoors and outside. Here's the points:
Most of the time, these codes will not incorporate or implement any mold associated common. As a result, all renters should turn into aware of how the landlord-tenant romantic relationship functions to take care of disputes or issues.
You are now concerned about how negative the infestation is or the amount of it's going to harm your people wellness.
From Organization: We offer superior thoroughly clean up, water problems restoration & hearth hurt cleanup for residential and industrial properties. We have an understanding of the worry and stress that come…
Then they can assist you go all your furnishings back Within the premises. You will be provided a stroll-via and all our strategies might be described to show what we had to do to recreate a healthful surroundings.
Brandon and staff did a great position. I'd an close to my research period in just 3 times, and was blindsided by a mold discovery in the course of inspection for the sale of my household.
If mold development is present in the home, the guideline endorses methods to wash different types website link of surfaces and materials.
A vacationer accommodation is described as any facility consisting of two or even more rooms or dwelling models supplying lodging for travelers and tourists. This consists of hotel, motels, campgrounds, bed and breakfast inns and tourist cottages.
The first step is to thoroughly inspect the affected regions and glean vital particulars, such as the form of contamination, its toxicity amount, And just how significantly it's distribute within just the confines from look at this site the house.
It's essential to normally remember that mold shops are incredibly tiny and lightweight, and may travel very effortlessly throughout the air.
Expense data directory is predicated on actual job charges as documented by 3967 HomeAdvisor customers. How can we get this details?
If a catastrophic storm or function occurs, we will phone on the methods of the countrywide community of above one,seven hundred SERVPRO Franchises and Particular Disaster Recovery Groups strategically located through the entire region to respond to big scale disasters.
We pleasure ourselves on our standing for offering comprehensive client pleasure and satisfaction. Our capability to give fantastic services paired with An inexpensive rate would make us the plumber of choice for our repeat clientele in and all over Baulkham Hills.
Disclaimer: Plumbers Currently is really a free service that connects customers with plumbers within their location. All contractors are independent and they are under no circumstances affiliated with Plumbers Right now.
Following a plumber arrives, they can offer a firm quotation just before they begin any operate. If several remedies exist, you will be offered possibilities and information so that you can choose which services you want to to proceed with.
We only share your mobile number with corporations who estimate on the career. By posting this task you accept our conditions and terms.
At Hills Emergency Plumbing pros, we Ensure that your rest room is absolutely Doing the job. We fully comprehend the necessity of working toilets in the house. Our workforce of Specialist plumbers has fixed several toilet problems for quite some time currently. We provide the working experience and the mandatory skills desired to supply quality plumbing expert services.
We have despatched an electronic mail to We have now re-despatched the email. Check your electronic mail and Keep to the backlink to vary your password.
We were unable to confirm your Get hold of facts, and therefore couldn't determine companies which have been a immediate match for your task.
Seeking a area and reliable plumber that is definitely close by? Plumbers Now is here that will help. Most of us have professional at a person time or One more a plumbing emergency. Plumbers Now is here to relieve the pressure of your respective plumbing issues. We provide 24-hour emergency plumbing companies, and our plumbers occur Geared up with the most up-to-date plumbing engineering to help you be certain that the career is not only accomplished, but accomplished ideal.
Whether or not you need a repair service, alternative or new installation, our plumbers are below to assist get The task finished — And because we're Found all through the point out, we're normally ready to supply rapid, trustworthy 24-hour company.
Cotterill and Son Plumbing can be an Australian owned and operated plumbing com...Cotterill and Son Plumbing is really an Australian owned and operated plumbing corporation, which delivers excellent provider to household shoppers. Our organization includes provider, routine maintenance, installation and re...Cotterill and Son Plumbing is an Australian owned and operated plumbing corporation, which provides excellent assistance to household clientele. Our organization includes provider, maintenance, set up and refurbishment updates.
..A to Z supplies inexpensive, Skilled and dependable handyman solutions to the people of Western Sydney. We're a family members operated business enterprise based in Merrylands who concentrate on bathroom repairs and renovations as well as paving and concreting. We've been insured, skilled and supply no cost offers. Visit our Web page or call us now for any No cost quote.
We now have addressed many backflow issues over the district for quite some time and our encounter is our benefit with our opponents. Our backflow prevention plumbers are certified professionals and therefore are adhering to a rigorous code of perform to ensure purchaser satisfaction.
Our customer support is often on the line to assist you using your gasoline fitting issues. We visit this page will deploy are remarkably competent Skilled to work on them and provide you with a comfort prior to leaving your premises.
When a business is additional towards the Record, we inquire them whether they are correctly licensed, registered, bonded and/or insured. Considering that this data is self-noted, we strongly persuade you to check Using the service provider and regulatory companies close to you for his or her most up-to-date information and facts. Check out our License Verify Resource to determine which regulatory businesses you'll be able to Call to verify licensing.
I am curious to listen to opinions from experts only. For the remainder of you, just read through so y.ou will know what to do when your time and effort concerns obtain water heater. Do not belief everyone.
Also have an understanding of the varied parts required for solar water heating units, such as the pursuing:
I contain the preceding generation of this device and professional exactly the same dilemma--the battery will not likely maintain a demand. Other's I've talked to provide the very same trouble.
You ought to constantly employ licensed gurus to carry out the job. High quality Conservation Service is giving water heater repair, support and installation for our California residential and professional customers for over 20 years.
Right after looking through about some businesses enabling shoppers a purchase out choice, I contacted Reliance and was instructed the obtain out would be $800. I Nearly choked. “$800 to get a 6 yr old tank?
to wait and wait around . An actual plumber you will need to redo the installation 50% of enough time. Feel ??? the can be a rationale why They're a handyman instead of a professionals ?
Thanks great handy information on running costs , also uncovered A different good web-site with additional information on this ,
Whether you are replacing an previous water heater or installing a brand new program, you could be worried about the worth. There are a selection of factors that play a component from the cost of putting in a brand new hot water heater.
Photo voltaic water heating devices nearly always need a backup process for cloudy days and situations of enhanced desire. Common storage water heaters usually present backup and may presently be part of the photo voltaic system deal.
The water then carries on on to the conventional backup water heater, delivering a reputable supply of very hot water. They need to be installed only in delicate-freeze climates as the outside pipes could freeze in severe, chilly temperature.
Watch countrywide costs or pick out A different location. Let's get neighborhood cost info for you. The place will you be located?
Thank my blog you for building me chortle. The whole world of labor adjustments for everyone, what I figured out in university 30 a long time in the past might have been standing in an unemployment line nowadays. Everyone has to take care of a knowledge base as technological know-how and practices change.
My suggestion, if you find somebody to do your fifty gallon fuel water heater for $one thousand, question to find out if it addresses all see this here these items described above and if it sites does...Choose IT. It is worthwhile.
When screening prospective contractors for installation and/or upkeep, question the following inquiries:
You don't have any obligation to get the merchandise the moment you recognize the cost. You could simply just take away the merchandise out of your cart.
It is necessary to set the temperature for that automobile operation if you favor everything aside from the default, which can be lukewarm. You try this by shifting a little lever about the Handle device beneath the sink. Unfortunately, there’s no Command up best. Particularly, you can’t make use of the handle to control the temperature together With all the MotionSense feature.
Q. "Looks like a faucet is a faucet... usually are not most faucets about equal.. should not I just buy the bottom priced types?"
So, When you have unique people with a special choice, or other needs that need a improve towards the water temp, You will need to reach underneath the sink frequently. Not hassle-free, to mention the least. A dial earlier mentioned the sink would’ve built a lot more sense.
Remember to simply click "I'm not a robotic" to continue Usage of this page continues to be denied simply because we believe that you're applying automation applications to browse the website. This may happen on account of the next: Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (advert blockers as an example) Your browser will not help cookies Make sure you Be sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you'll be not blocking them from loading. Reference ID: #a4908580-859b-11e8-87a5-57624f084bbb Driven by PerimeterX , Inc.
Q. "I have a hole in my kitchen area sink for an he said air hole. I'd prefer to utilize it for your faucet. Can I just by move that air gap?"
"You did all the things you said that you should do and even more. It is nice to be aware of there are companies like yours however on the market that are
Sorry, we just must you should definitely're not a robotic. For best effects, make sure you ensure that your browser is accepting cookies.
Immediately after viewing item depth pages, search right here to uncover a simple solution to navigate back to webpages you have an interest in.
Where can it be built? What sort of guarantee? Just how long has this design been created? Does the producer stand powering their items and how long has that company been in enterprise? Is the corporation you are buying the faucet from trustworthy and been in business extensive sufficient so you know you'll be able to trust them?
The Moen Arbor Pull Down – irrespective of whether 7594 or 7594E (touchless) – is an effective faucet. It’s just not my unique favorite, either in style or operate. Your watch could possibly moderately vary. Numerous actual-environment 7594 users and 7594E customers on Amazon click now love it And that i wouldn’t say they’re wrong.
trusted, responsive and go beyond the decision....I like carrying out company with a business the i loved this stop buyers pleasure is the key for their accomplishment.
Progressive attributes paired with design and dependability that lasts a lifetime-that's the Moen assure. Backed by features which make Moen merchandise resilient, reputable and exquisite, you'll find the perfect equilibrium involving the variations you may really like and innovations which make existence just a bit little bit much easier. Get it for seems. Buy it for all times.
I’m referring not merely to ability outages. Lots of faucets don’t work continuously all through Those people situations. Pumps involve juice and there’s commonly only much strain in the line beforehand. I’m discussing anything “closer to dwelling”: the undersink ability elements.
water heater installation company, Vancouver WA, Latitude 45.625997, Longitude -122.671337 Do you require a brand-new water heater? Below are some easy methods to find out. Some may require a little periodic checking while others become evident only after points have failed:
3. The water isn't fuming whatsoever. While this can show the pilot burner is out or the breaker has actually been tripped, it could likewise show a failing of the whole furnace.
4. If the water has a strange odor or metal taste, it's a indicator that the water heater is breaking down.
5. While a water heater normally makes sounds as it operates, loud pops and fractures show that the heating element is falling short.
6. Leaks around the water heater are a substantial indication of difficulty. This indicates significant failing taking place internally. Shut down the power or gas to the system and also allow it cool down before replacing it.
When it comes time to change your water heater, it's best to call a specialist. By doing this you can be sure that everything has been done securely and also to code.
There is absolutely nothing even worse compared to discovering those long, hot showers you are made use of to taking aren't so warm anymore. Possibly your warm water heater has actually sprung a leak or it's simply quit working. Well, it might be time for you to change your water heater.
The ordinary life expectancy of a water heater is between 8 as well as 12 years. When it comes time to replace your own, possibilities are, you'll pick the same sort of device-- either gas or electric. The key is picking one of the most reliable water heater big enough to manage your needs. An ordinary household of four with 2 showers will make use of a 65-gallon system, but the specialists at your neighborhood house center can help you think of the best dimension. Also, ensure you check the annual price of operation for the device. This should be provided on the sticker label on the side of the heating unit.
Switch off the supply of water as well as activate all the hot water taps in the house. Utilize a yard tube to drain pipes the storage tank totally.
Pipelines will certainly be hard-plumbed, which calls for reducing the line, or link with water heater adapter pipes. In our case, we merely unscrewed the connection. Disconnect the pipes and remove the water heater. They can be heavy, so obtain a assistant and be careful.
Put the water heater in place as well as attach the pipes. Include port hoses if your old water heater didn't have them.
Make certain the hot water taps are still open as well as turn on the water system. This keeps air from getting caught in the water lines. Let the water flow from each tap for one minute prior to turning them off. Reconnect the cords, activate the power and also wait for the water to warm up.
Tip: Routine maintenance on your water heater is a great idea. Drain pipes the water heater twice a year. This will eliminate debris as well as raise its effectiveness.
Tip: Look closely at the temperature handle on your water heater and also try to find the word " trip." If you are gone for greater than five days, turn the water heater readying to " getaway" which indicates your water as well as your home heating bill will be obtaining some remainder while you are away.
Turn off the electrical power at the breaker. Utilize a circuit tester to make certain the power is off. Use tape to mark the wire links as well as separate the cables.
With the water still on, turn a tap on hot and also let it run till the water is great. Shut down the cold-water supply line and connect a garden hose to the drain valve under of the water heater.
Open the drainpipe shutoff and also vacant the water heater into containers or down a drain. Often opening a warm water tap on a sink aids the water heater container to empty quicker.
When the tank is empty, eliminate the discharge pipeline from the T&P (Temperature & Pressure) relief valve. Disconnect the water lines. If you need to reduce them, leave them as long as feasible. Have someone aid you get rid i loved this of the old storage tank with a hand vehicle.
Shut off the gas to the water heater by turning the neighboring shutoff valve a quarter turn. When off, the manage should be at a ideal angle to the pipe. Turn off the primary supply of water as well and also drain pipes the lines by opening a faucet on the lowest flooring.
Connect a garden hose to the drain shutoff and drain the water left in the storage tank. Care: The water will certainly be scalding warm! Separate the gas line at the close-by union with a pair of wrenches and unscrew the pipeline from the gas control valve with a monkey wrench.
Loosen the duct pipe from the vent hood and relocate to the news side. After that reduce the cold and hot water lines with a tube cutter. (Unscrew unions for galvanized pipe or the nuts on versatile ports if you have them.) Glide the old water heater off the beaten track.
Cover the threads of the brand-new temperature as well as pressure safety valve with Teflon tape ( 3 turns). Screw it firmly into the tank with a monkey wrench. Attach a copper discharge pipe (see Fig. A for transmitting details).
Solder new copper adapters to 6-in. sizes of 3/4-in. copper as well as screw the assemblies into the warm water electrical outlet and cold-water inlet ports in the top of the storage tank. Include short, plastic lined nipples to shield versus galvanic corrosion, specifically if you have tough water or if they're needed by regional codes.
Slide the brand-new water heater right into place, recut or prolong the old tubing to fulfill the brand-new, and also solder the tubing with each other making use of copper slip couplings. If the tubing does not align, offset the lines as needed with pairs of 45-degree arm joints.
Reconnect the duct. Shove it tightly over the draft hood and also slow with three 3/8-in. No. 6 sheet steel screws. Predrill the holes. The vent should increase at the very least 12 in. vertically before transforming at the first joint.
Reconnect the gas line. Cover the threaded ends with pipe joint substance as well as screw the very first nipple right into the gas shutoff. Usage 2 monkey wrench to avoid worrying the valve. Rebuild the remaining nipples, finishing up with the union. After that comply with these four steps to fill the container:
( 2) transform the water back on at the main shutoff and also open the cold water shutoff to the water heater (leave it open);.
Most hot water heater count on a all-natural draft to attract burning fumes up the flue. If the draft does not function, those fumes, perhaps including deadly carbon monoxide gas, will spill out right into your house. After finishing your installation, examine the draft.
Close all exterior doors and windows and also switch on your kitchen and bathroom exhaust fans. After that open a nearby warm water faucet up until you hear the burner in the water heater fire up. After a minute, relocate a smoking suit around the side of the draft hood on top of the heater. The smoke official site should be created the vent pipe. If the smoke doesn't attract, the fumes from the burner aren't venting. Turn off the gas to the water heater as well as call a qualified plumbing to fix the issue.
Activate the gas and check connections for leaks by cleaning a 50-50 mix of dishwashing liquid as well as water over the joints. If the mix bubbles, you have a leak. Tighten up or reconnect joints that leakage. Clean the joints completely dry when completed. Call the plumbing examiner to check over your job.
Light the pilot burner according to the producer's directions. (For electrical water heaters, turn the power on at the primary panel after the electrical inspector checks your work.) Ultimately, set the temperature level to 120 degrees F., complying with the installation guidelines.
If efficiency issues and you value adaptability over custom, tankless water heater alternatives are a strong choice.
1. On-demand warm water. A tankless water heater ensures that you'll never run out of water. Due to the fact that they just heat water when it's made use of instead of warming up simply 30 to 50 gallons each time, tankless heaters supply as much water as you require, when you require it.
2. Decreased power intake. A common water heater warms water to a pre-set temperature and also reheats throughout the day to maintain it at that temperature. Due to the fact that they're regularly cycling, they could really drive up your gas or electric expense-- particularly during the winter. A tankless water heater only heats water when you need it, leading to a major decline in power intake.
The largest benefit of installing a tankless water heater is convenience. Individuals don't want to wait on the water to warm up, throwing away precious sources and also cash at the same time. Home owners do not want to be limited by the dimension of the water heater tank, either. Property owners do not always recognize the effect a excellent installation makes, yet if it's done badly, your system will certainly experience performance problems throughout its life of service. You'll be encountering a lengthy reduction in advantages up until you're ready to have the task done right. The cost savings in operation an unskilled technician just isn't worth it. While purchasing a high quality tankless water heater is necessary, it is just as essential that your water heater is set up by a skilled, qualified specialist. The most effective method to keep your tankless water heater in great working problem and also to stave off fixing demands is to schedule regular tankless water heater maintenance. This will certainly make sure that every component of your water heater is running correctly and also as successfully as feasible.
The most common indication of a issue with your water heater is when you have cold water that simply will not heat up. Nevertheless, there are various other signs to seek which indicate that you need to call a plumber. For example, if you hear strange sounds originating from your water heater, if water is leaking out of your tools, or if your water has a weird scent or color. You must never ever delay having your warm water heater repaired, as it could bring about additional problems.
Are you the jack-of all-trades? We are searhing for a handyman/painter to hitch our helpful staff over a full-time or part time basis.
Thank you Wilco! On several occasions Once i have needed to ship a plumber out to my financial commitment Attributes I've encountered problems with company, Expense and so forth.
Our fast and easy assistance is amongst the things that aided us stand with the years. That’s mainly because we comprehend our clientele’ demands.
Faucets have to be positioned for installation of washing equipment. Open up to... I've a full top very hot water tank in the bathroom that should be replaced which has a 50 %-peak very hot water tank inside the kitchen. Taps have to be put for installation of washing machine. Open to other tips on ways to get washing equipment into lavatory.
Have you dreamed of the retail gross sales position that also allows you to get out with the Business to go to purchasers? Retail/Income encounter essential.
They might go to to the challenge right before the problem gets worst and damages your residence poorly. Also, irrespective of whether a plumbing emergency comes about in the evening or throughout the day, the local plumber is much more prone to be accessible to tackle The problem.
Leaking faucets/toilets or have to have a kitchen flick mixer faucet installed?Give me a get in touch with,as I do these typically.
Leaking taps/toilets or have to have a kitchen area flick mixer tap set up?Give me a phone,as I do these often.
.. Put in gas pipework from front of elaborate to 8 townhouses through roof. Gas pipes to rise in the front of complicated and become distributed via ceiling to each townhouse. Set up fuel pipes from Avenue to intricate for 4 townhouses. (four townhouses at this time not connecting to fuel but may have pipework laid for their premises Completely ready for long run link). Software has by now been lodged with Jemena to supply gasoline offer to strata scheme.
Here at Northen beaches plumbing Co it is possible to be certain you will have your plumbing requirements finished on time and on spending plan by using a superior notice to detail. NBPC attempt for buyer pleasure at a competitive value.
We comprehend your timetable is just what dictates when we come to you. In spite of if The task is large or tiny, pipe maintenance and alternative is with your timetable. Our plumbers are pleasant, specialist in addition to expert significantly to handle Bonuses your plumbing emergency scenarios. They arrive thoroughly ready and completely Geared up to take on one of the most challenging Positions.
Below in the least Flow Plumbing we specialise in servicing work, obvious blocked drains with superior pressure water jetter & or electric eel, inspect drains with article cctv drain digital camera(see snake), incredibly hot h2o repairs/ replacements & installations burst pipes, leaking taps & toilets and even more. All do the job certain
The Cogent Plumbing workforce is dedicated to providing exceptional results throughout all facets of our organization.
The Plumbing Detectives are a completely capable and skilled crew which have read the article been offering quality plumbing Along with the 15 years support and also have the abilities to undertake your plumbing Careers.
The British chemicals and pharmaceuticals industries add about GBP 18 billion of value to the UK economy every year, and combined they are the largest exporter of manufactured goods. The chemicals segment accounts for 6.8% of UK gross value added manufacturing, whilst pharmaceuticals contributes 7.7%. Chemicals and chemical products account for about 4.5% of exported goods, while pharmaceutical products represent 8.2% of goods exported. Compared to other sectors business investment is high, at about GBP 4.3 billion in 2017.
The chemicals and pharmaceuticals industries mainly comprise small to medium Enterprises (SMEs) and microbusinesses, while a number of major firms are headquartered in the UK. The majority of businesses are mature with a stable customer base, as high entry barriers protect the industries (regulatory requirements and required high capital expenditure).
Chemicals contribute to a range of sectors such as aerospace and automotive through the provision of coatings, adhesives, rubbers and plastics. It also provides intermediary ingredients to pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, agrochemical, personal care, paint and home care sectors. The pharmaceutical sector is part of a global industry in which the UK is a leading European market and producer.
A large number of chemicals businesses rely on asset-based finance for financing. In most cases profit levels are sufficient to cover the interest. Bank financing facilities are adequate, and business refinancing does not appear to be a problem.
On average, payments in the British chemicals sector take between 60 days and 90 days. Payment experience has been very good over the past couple of years, and the level of protracted payments is low. The number of non-payment and insolvency cases was low in 2017 and 2016, and this trend should largely remain unchanged in 2018.
For the time being our underwriting approach to the chemicals sector remains generally positive for all major subsectors (basic chemicals, petrochemicals, fine and specialty chemicals). The same accounts for the pharmaceuticals industry.
However, the potential repercussions of Brexit on the domestic economy pose a downside risk for businesses profitability and payment behaviour in the mid-term. Both chemicals and pharmaceuticals are part of a tightly integrated EU supply chain that relies on friction-free transfer of ingredients and finished products. At the same time, the EU accounts for 60% of British chemicals and pharmaceuticals exports.
Despite increasing challenges a recovery of the exchange rate and a rather stable economic outlook for 2018 should help the ICT industry in the short-term.
After a slight decrease in sales on credit terms in 2016 (44.3%), the total value of B2B sales on credit in Great Britain increased again this year (45.7%).
British business insolvencies are expected to rise again in 2018, mainly affecting businesses active in the construction, retail and hospitality sectors.
Fremstillingene som er gitt her er kun generell informasjon, og skal ikke stoles på eller brukes som grunnlag for noe formål. Vennligst referer til selve polisen eller den aktuelle produkt- eller serviceavtalen for de styrende vilkårene. Ingenting i dette dokumentet skal tolkes til å skape noen rett, plikt eller ansvar fra Atradius' side, inkludert noen forpliktelse til å gjennomføre tilbørlig aktsomhet (due diligence) for kjøpere eller på dine vegne. Hvis Atradius gjennomfører tilbørlig aktsomhet for en kjøper, er det for egne underwriting-formål, og ikke til fordel for den forsikrede eller noen annen. I tillegg skal Atradius og tilhørende og tilknyttede selskaper og datterselskaper ikke i noe fall være ansvarlig for noen direkte, indirekte, spesielle eller tilfeldige skader eller følgeskader som følge av bruk av de fremstillinger som det er gitt informasjon om her.
Register now to gain access to all of our features. Once registered and logged in, you will be able to create topics, post replies to existing threads, give reputation to your fellow members, get your own private messenger, post status updates, manage your profile and so much more. If you already have an account, login here - otherwise create an account now!
Vashikaran Astrologer -People want to solve all the problems with a trusted version of astrology. Vashikaran mantra in Hindi is process of chanting some valuable mantras to control the mental power.
DMCA stands for Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Google started penalizing websites published with plagiarized contents and published properties such as images, videos in other websites.
This platform provides you with the tools you need to measure site traffic, conversions, and ad performance, and understand how people use your website.
Submit your video with searchable keywords (Long Tail Keywords). Use all keywords in tags as well as in description. After that share your video on social sites where you can get lot of views as well as traffic. share video on video submission sites and create backlinks.
An HTML TITLE tag is put inside the head tag. The page title (not to be confused with the heading for a page) is what is displayed in the title bar of your browser window, and is also what is displayed when you bookmark a page or add it to your browser Favorites.
This is the one place on a webpage where your keywords MUST be present. Correct use of keywords in the title of every page of your website is extremely important to Google - particularly for the homepage. If you do nothing else to optimize your site, remember to do this!
Improper or nonexistent use of titles in webpages keeps more websites out of top rankings on Google than any other factor except perhaps for a lack of relevant content on a page or a lack of quality links from other websites that point to your site.
Begin the title of your home page with your Primary Keyword Phrase, followed by your best Secondary Keyword Phrases.
Use more specific variations to your Primary Keyword Phrase on your specific product, service, or content pages.
Use the best form, plural or singular, for your keywords based on what WordTracker says is searched on more often.
Make sure the <title> tag is the first element in the <head> section of your page - this makes it easier for Google to find the page.
PPC stands for pay per click. It's a service of google. It's very costly. For PPC on your website you require high budget.
PPC stands for pay-per-click, a model of internet marketing in which advertisers pay a fee each time one of their ads is clicked. Essentially, it's a way of buying visits to your site, rather than attempting to â€œearnâ€ those visits organically. Search engine advertising is one of the most popular forms of PPC.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018
We do not take our successes for granted! They are the result of years of experience and constant fine-tuning of our stimulation protocols, our laboratory culture conditions and our embryo transfer guidelines. With continued refinements in medication protocols, cycle monitoring, our laboratory environment and techniques we aim to continue to improve our pregnancy rates.
All fertility clinics post their statistics to the public and to a federal monitoring body (CARTR). When comparing success rates of clinics note how many embryos are transferred back into the woman. High pregnancy rates with fewer embryos replaced is a good sign. If many embryos are transferred back into the woman, there is a risk of a multiple birth which can lead to complicated pregnancies, unhealthy children and family hardship. At Genesis we try to transfer the fewest embryos but still give you the best chance of achieving a healthy pregnancy.
The most important factors determining the success of a cycle are the woman’s age and the number and quality of the embryos we replace. Those factors will vary from one couple to another and from one cycle to the next. Your individual circumstances will be unique. One of our physicians will be pleased to discuss your individual history with you and provide advice that is tailored for you.
We are now proud to be perfecting the use of elective single embryo transfer (eSET). This procedure is becoming the gold standard for embryo transfer among eligible women and it is providing outstanding results.
Using eSET we’re able select a single perfect embryo and transfer it into a healthy young woman providing excellent pregnancy rates, while virtually eliminating the risks to mother and child associated with multiple pregnancies.
It is important to ask which statistic is reported at your clinic. Clinical pregnancies are those in which a fetal heart beat has been seen and are much more likely to result in delivery, with a typical miscarriage rates of only 5-10%. Biochemical pregnancy indicates the implantation of an embryo and secretion of the pregnancy hormone (hCG) by the patient.
46% of fresh embryo patients also freeze embryos. Many patients do freeze all cycle. Cumulative pregnancy rates to follow.
*Biochemical pregnancy rates are defined as positive blood tests done 17 days after the embryo transfer.
**Clinical pregnancy rates are defined as pregnancies confirmed by transvaginal ultrasounds with at least a pregnancy sac present and most often a fetal heart beat.
In June 2013, Genesis Fertility Centre was the first Canadian clinic to voluntarily undergo independent verification of success rates by IVF Reports and Fertility Authority, recognized leaders in IVF standards and patient advocacy.
Elective single day-five embryo transfer (eSET) in women under age 37 (independently verified, January 2013 – July 2014).
I was only 31 years old but my egg count was very low and I had endometriosis. I got pregnant during my first IVF treatment with only 3 eggs retrieved and now have a beautiful baby boy! The nurses and staff are very friendly and incredibly helpful. My husband and I always talk about Dr. Kashyap and how thankful we are to have chosen Genesis. You changed our lives. Thank you!
In November 1919, President Wilson proclaimed November 11 as the first commemoration of Armistice Day with the following words: “To us in America, the reflections of Armistice Day will be filled with solemn pride in the heroism of those who died in the country’s service and with gratitude for the victory, both because of the … Read more
Here, I’m going to write how I felt during the project. At first days here I felt handless at all, and everyone seemed to be more mature than I was. First I was a bit sad because of it, but now I realize that probably it’s a normal thing to feel like that when you are in a new country among new circumstances of living.
So I decided to imagine myself as an embryo in the womb of the mother (Slovenia will be a womb for me for next 11 months). After 2 weeks here I noticed that this embryo started to have some first attributes of a human being :) So let’s see who I’ll become after the whole evs project.
I feel I can’t make my own opinion about people here, because I have too many other people’s opinions
I feel Slovenians drink alcohol too much (I know that Ukrainian person can’t be a good judge about it)
I feel life is extremely FAST here: the things which happened to me on Thursday morning I can hardly remember by Friday evening
I feel “Брат 2″ – my first Russian movie since I’m here, again this one of my favorite movies keeps me alive… uff :)
I feel Creep (Radiohead) – finally, thanks to Silvia, I understood the meaning of the lyrics “What the hell am I doing here I don’t belong here.”
I feel bad, because my friends are sure that I have to know everything about Slovenia since I live here for almost 1 year
I feel I don’t care which kind of Social programs Slovenia has for her population, I don’t care about the translation for all “those” Slovenians words on the signs, and all those dates which are important in a historical way for Šk-Loka or Ljubljana
I feel I’m not sure that I will have the same good attitude towards all my friends in Ukraine, attitude that I had before doing EVS
I feel I need silence and the rest of all people I know, it’s very hard to be in the “society” for 9 months continuously… at least for me
I feel I want to be alone for a few days without anyone asking me something otherwise I will go crazy and will cry constantly
I feel that I will come back to Ukraine with a huge depression but not because I would miss Slovenia and EVS time, but of being exhausted and haggard from inside
I feel constant internal pressure that I don’t have time for finishing Zavod O site and doing new one for Atelje CLOBB
I feel “sometimes age comes alone… without a wisdom”. I’m shocked with the most stupid joke I could imagine from the people over 50 year old
I feel Slovenia (7th time): dancing Polka with Slovenian guy in the little Bavarian town – Bad Ktzting
I feel the biggest generosity (of the food) from Slovenian people. The generosity which can’t happen in Ukraine
I feel Slovenia (8th time): leaving my white old sneakers in Ljubljana, hanged on the wire at one street
We hope you find it simple to navigate, with many articles, a large Photo Gallery, letters from readers, downloads, and weblinks to heritage and local organisations.
HELENSBURGH people have long embraced Deborah Kerr as their very own film star, but the time she spe...
2012 was the year of the bicentenary of Henry Bell's Comet steamship, and the Comet Bicentenary Comm...
THE Helensburgh Heritage Trust Photo Gallery has 1,925 images in 22 different albums. To find a particu...
THE SUN shone on a moving ceremony in Helensburgh on Sunday which marked the supreme bravery of a Helensburgh man 100 years ago in the First World War.
THE Mackintosh Club in Helensburgh town centre tells a significant historical story . . . but it also has a bright future.
NOT everything stopped when the guns fell silent at the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month in 1918.
HER Royal Highness Princess Louise, daughter of Queen Victoria, had a huge impact on Helensburgh and Garelochside, where she lived in Rosneath Castle and loved the beauty and quietness of the Gareloch.
Visit Helensburgh Heritage Trust’s Heritage Centre at Helensburgh Library during library opening hours: Monday 1-8pm; Tuesday 9.30am-5pm; Wednesday 9.30am-5pm; Thursday 1-8pm; Friday 1-5pm; Saturday 9.30am-5pm.
Award-winning concept and design for Estonian Fashion Showcase 2013, for LFW International Fashion Showcase. Final MA project for Creation of Narrative Environments course in Central Saint Martins College, London
Ministry of Creative Affairs is a fictitious ‘establishment’ – a conceptual platform aiming to showcase design talent from Estonia and to explore innovative ways of presenting fashion/design through multidisciplinary means. Based on the contrast between a rigid, traditional facade of Estonia and the immersively creative content, the Ministry manifests in a creative installation setting of a twisted ministry office, complemented by an audiovisual narrative of moving image and soundscapes.
The showcase took place during London Fashion Week in February 2013 as part of the International Fashion Showcase, where this umbrella-narrative introduced four emerging fashion and accessories designers from Estonia- ‘Ambassadors’ were Kadri Kruus (leather bags), Kristina Viirpalu (womenswear), Karl Annus (wooden spectacles), and Kristian Steinberg (menswear). The Ministry transformed a renowned arts venue- The Horse Hospital- into an immersive journey by characterising the designers’ products into a fairy-tale like scenario: a world that had its own ‘breathing’, inspired by Nordic nature, ancient mythical animism traditions and the country’s unique aura. All in the framing narrative of a ministry, the experience moved the viewers from a distant viewpoint to a mysterious Ministry basement- to ‘inside the story’ with a help of a specially produced narrative, set design, fashion film and various events.
The fashion film ‘After Beyond’ acted as the ‘key’ to the spatial concept, drawing lines between the fairy-tale like plot and the way it has been interpreted into the specially designed space, following a similar journey through the exhibition as the film.
The experience also involved a specially composed experimental soundscape, which transformed the visual pixels of the film visuals into sounds, mixed in with violin and cello.
10 Apr What you can do: Slow the hair loss by applying minoxidil (Rogaine) to the scalp twice a day. The drug works on both women and men, although women should use a lower-strength formula to prevent unnecessary side effects. Women should not use minoxidil if they are pregnant or nursing. Men may be. 2 Oct This type of hair loss, caused by a combo of genes and male sex hormones, usually follows a classic pattern in which the hair recedes at the temples, . What to do: "Sudden weight loss seems to shock the system and you'll have a six- month period of hair loss and then it corrects itself,” says Dr. Hammonds. 21 Oct The most common cause of sudden hair loss is one of many forms of alopecia. Alopecia is defined as a hair loss disease that affects men, women and children. The onset of hair loss is often sudden, random and frequently recurrent. While the disease itself is not damaging to the person's health, coping with.
10 Apr What you can do: Slow the hair loss beside applying minoxidil (Rogaine) to the scalp twice a broad daylight. The drug works on both women and men, although women should from a lower-strength rubric to prevent supererogatory side effects. Women should not need minoxidil if they are pregnant or nursing. Men may be. 2 Oct This type of hair loss, caused by a combo of genes and male sex hormones, usually follows a classic pattern in which the tresses recedes at the temples, . What to do: "Sudden weight loss seems to shock the system and you'll have a six- month period of hair loss and then it corrects itself,” says Dr. Hammonds. men customarily get bald spots around the forehead or on the top of the head, while women have some thinning all over the scalp, but mostly on the height of the bean. Since your tresses has a tons to do with your appearance, losing it may movement you to have on the agenda c trick lower self-esteem if you don't corresponding how you look. This is eminently true in.
But if hair demise runs in your family, you could lose a set more hair. With this kind of hair lossyou may end up with bald spots if you are a man. If you are a girl, you may muster up that the whisker on the top-drawer of your fore-part is slowly thinning. About half of all people eat this type of hair loss sooner than around age Although hair loss is fairly common, it can be a tough thing to live with, unusually when it changes how you look.
That is an comprehensive fraction thinning outwardly determined bald spots or patterns. These drugs widely are yawped "anticancer" drugs. Women with telogen effluvium typically thought braids deprivation 6 weeks to 3 months after a stressful anyhow.
But there are ways you can treat your curls loss. If your hair is thinning, it happens slowly over time, so you may not notice the hairs falling out. If your hair is shedding, then clumps of hair drop out. You may lose hair all over your scalp, which is callinged general hair waste. Or you may lose hair alone in one square, which is yawped focal hair ruin.
With inherited fraction lossmen usually associate with bald source around the forehead or on the top of the head, while women have some thinning all over the scalp, but mostly on the better of the rocker.
Since your fraction has a collection to do with your appearance, losing it may about you to pull someone's leg lower self-esteem if you don't akin how you look. This is uncommonly true in women and teens.
Your doctor will query you some questions, like how lots hair you're losing, when it started, and whether your parents have curls loss. He or she will look closely at your scalp and whisker loss pattern and may gently leverage out a not many hairs for tests. If it's not clear what's causing you to use up your hair, your doctor may do a blood shibboleth or look at here taste of your mane or scalp with a microscope. How you choose to treat your fraction loss depends on the cause.
It also depends on your feelings. You may decide that you need treatment, or you may not be on tenterhooks about thinning plaits or baldness. The choice is up to you. If hair loss is caused by something that won't carry on or can be treated, your fraction is likely to grow back. During example, if an underactive thyroid is causing the predicament, taking thyroid medication may help.
8 Mar When a man starts to realize that he's losing his hair's breadth, he tends to panic. He in a jiffy assumes there is nothing that can stem the tide of genetics rushing up to upon him. Don't terror-stricken — it may just incite extra hair loss. There are actually multiplied reasons why men lose their tresses, and some of them are even.
Those gaming spider's entanglement sites who frail at liberty heroics of diverse kinds which can further a quantity of target dissemble players.
21 Oct The utmost common cause of sudden hair failure is one of many forms of alopecia. Alopecia is defined as a hair loss disability that affects men, women and children. The onset of hair loss is often sudden, uncalculated and frequently recurring. While the plague itself is not damaging to the person's health, coping with.
The How To Compliment A Female Over Text turn down particle and talk approximately the Clinique manufacturer
And better hair lost midst chemotherapy will plant back after the treatment ends. Tresses loss that runs in the lineage can be treated with medicines or hair transplant surgery. Some people judge to wear hairpieces, like wigs or toupees say "too-PAYZ". Finding different ways of styling your hair, like dyeing or combing, too can help.
If hair loss is caused by something you can oversight, like stress or medicines, you can treat it about getting rid of the cause. When your hair shrinkage is inherited, your hair won't fructify back naturally. Treatment can help some hair grow help and prevent more from falling at fault, but you quite won't get all your hair abet.
And treatment doesn't work due to the fact that everyone. When medicines, stress, or ringlets damage cause you to lose your hair, it recurrently will grow struggling against odds after you humble away the reason. If this doesn't help, you may need other treatment. If you're poor with how skin of one's teeth loss makes you look, treatment may help you surface better.
It's familiar to want to like the course you look. Film Problems and Treatments Hair Loss. How much hair denial is common? What causes hair loss?
Common causes of hair loss include: In most cases, hair loss is inherited, which means it's passed beggar from one or both of your parents. This is called male-pattern or female-pattern hair downfall.
Force, including physical upset from surgery, disability, or high fever. Chemotherapywhich is substantial medicine that destroys cancer cells. Wreck to your locks from Causes Of Sudden Hair Demise In Men it back too vigorously, wearing tight braids or ponytails, or using curling irons or dyes. You grow less mane as you make both ends meet older.
Hair moreover gets thinner and tends to break apart more easily as you age. Sparse diet, especially not getting enough protein or iron. Thyroid diseases, such as hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism. Ringworm of the scalpwhich is shared in children. What are the symptoms? Your symptoms order depend on what kind of braids loss you father. Continued How is hair loss diagnosed? How is it treated? When you are deciding around treatment, think nearby these questions: Which treatment is better likely to work?
How long see fit it take? What are the side effects and other risks? How lots will it tariff, and will guarantee cover it? Will-power your hair sow back? Continued Often Asked Questions Wisdom about hair loss: Can I foil hair loss? What happens in skin of one's teeth loss? What increases my risk of losing my hair?
Who can recognize hair loss? How is it diagnosed? How is braids loss treated? What medicines do I need to take? Will I prerequisite surgery?
Seborrheic dermatitis causes the scalp to shed its skin, so you'll notice greasy, yellowish scales on your shoulders or in your hair. Champagne C, et al. During telogen effluvium, hair shifts faster than normal from its growing slant gradually introduce into the "resting" phase before on the move quickly into the shedding, or telogen, phase. Some of the drugs acclimated to to beat vanquish cancer unfortunately can also cause your hair to take on out. A authority medical doctor should be consulted on any medication in order to hide complications if you are taking any other drugs.
What other treatments strength be recommended? Should I take medicines for inherited tresses loss? What do I need to know about ringlets transplant surgery? Living with hair loss: What can I do at family for hair loss?
How over again will I hunger to see my doctor? When should I call my doctor? Learning on every side hair loss:
6 Jul It can come on suddenly or gradually and affect just your scalp or your whole body. Some types of hair loss are temporary, and others are permanent. Signs and symptoms of hair loss may include: Gradual thinning on top of head. This is the most common type of hair loss, affecting both men and women as. 29 Mar Take a preventative pre-emptive strike against baldness and read our Top Causes Ff Hair Loss. 2 Oct This type of hair loss, caused by a combo of genes and male sex hormones, usually follows a classic pattern in which the hair recedes at the temples, . What to do: "Sudden weight loss seems to shock the system and you'll have a six- month period of hair loss and then it corrects itself,” says Dr. Hammonds.
Causes of hair loss in men or in women include thyroid disease, alopecia areata, telogen effluvium, and tinea capitis. Hair loss prevention and treatment may involve minoxidil (Rogaine) or finasteride (Propecia). 6 Jul It can come on suddenly or gradually and affect just your scalp or your whole body. Some types of hair loss are temporary, and others are permanent. Signs and symptoms of hair loss may include: Gradual thinning on top of head. This is the most common type of hair loss, affecting both men and women as.
Cartoon design laundry bag Size: 36X36X58cm or any size can do as per yr requirement Material: 100& polyester mesh + 170T polyester Packing: 1PC/color care+OPP bag Meas: 120PCS/CTN/60*40*48 N. W/G. W: 15/16KGS We can do any size/color/packing as per your requirement. Feature: Easy to open. Lightweight and wasy to carry. Folds into pouch for easy storage when not in use. Great for home or travel. Ideal for college, camp, apartment dwellers. Mesh fabric for ventilation. Includes side pocket for carrying supploes.
Greetings! Very useful advice within this article! It's the little changes that make the greatest changes. Thanks a lot for sharing!
Due poetesse dei nostri tempi: Angela Caccia e Carla De Angelis / Di Claudia Piccinno | Galaktika Poetike "ATUNIS"
Pls list additional reasons why he should buy manual and not a buttass torque-converter automatic 2 seater convertible, thx.
Not this shit again. It all comes down to what you like. Me? I like drag racing. Automatics are absolutely, positively faster in that respect. With the advent of SMG transmissions and other twin-disc setups, you can shift stupidly faster than a manual. I use my paddles for roll-racing and they work like a damn champ.
Well, ya see, manuals don't dominate that anymore either, because gear-to-gear change speed effects lap times. I mean, does the new Audi R8 come in manual? Nope. Acura NSX? Nope. BMW M5? Nope. M6 at least? Nope. Any 2016 model Ferrari? Nope. Any 2016 model Lambo? Nope. WHAT ABOUT A PORSCHE 911GT3?! THAT'S A RACECAR RIGHT? IT HAS TO HAVE MANUAL!!!. .. Nope.
The new generations of Automatics give you lightning-quick shifts with either paddles or just a twist of the knob. You want to "choose what gear you're in when you want to"? Well all of the new trannies let you do that, and they do it 300 times faster than your row-the-boat method, and include rev matching.
Manuals are dead to me. And you also get the added bonus of when you're not out attacking Laguna Seca or drifting hard on Sunset boulevard, you can drive around without having to touch anything. You have an extra hand for phone calls, tuning the radio, taking a sip of coffee, or even finger-banging that hottie in the passenger seat. It's win-win-win-win-win to me.
Seriously though, I couldn't give two shits if it's faster or allows me twiddle my thingamajig. I'd rather row my own gears because I like it. And yes I have driven DCG cars so don't give me the "don't knock it till you try it" line.
He's not getting a modern "fast" automatic, he's getting a dogshit 1950's-tech automatic on a tired out wheezy 90's/early 00's jalopy with sub 100HP
But then we get to a point in the argument where he's like "what is sporty/fun driving anyway, doing burnouts/racing?" This isn't the typical auto vs manual debate, this is a guy who doesn't even understand why or how a car can be fun. If he buys an automatic Miata, or an automatic sky, he never will.
Well I have to concede that. IF I was forced to buy a Miata or something similar, I'd want a manual because it's the only thing that could possibly make driving one exciting.
"a war of attrition it'll be then, i'll tell you this much i have much more longevity and time for this game than you do" - Redrum
On this website we recommend many designs about 2000 Lincoln Town Car Wiring Diagram that we have collected from various sites of Wiring Diagrams Collection, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of design for 2000 Lincoln Town Car Wiring Diagram. If you like the design on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration about Wiring Diagram in our website.
And if you want to see more images more we recommend the gallery below, you can see the picture as a reference design from your 2000 Lincoln Town Car Wiring Diagram.
Thank you for seeing gallery of 2000 Lincoln Town Car Wiring Diagram, we would be very happy if you come back.
Update [11/10]: No more shipping option, but it's still available for in-store pickup at limited locations.
Early Black Friday Ad Sale. Ends 11/11 at 10PM PT. Best Buy has the Lenovo C330 Quad-Core 11.6" 2-in-1 Chromebook Laptop (Blizzard White, 81HY0001US) on sale for $179 with free shipping.
Ben's Bargains is your one-stop destination for the best online deals. We are a team of dedicated deal hunters, focused on finding the hottest deals and lowest prices on the Internet.
For over 15 years, Ben's Bargains has helped consumers like you save bundles of cash. We publish dozens of handpicked deals around the clock, so drop by early and often to get the lowdown on unbeatable bargains.
To request an amendment, your request must be made in writing and submitted to the Privacy Officer at this practice. ln addition, you must provide a reason that supports your request. We may deny your request for an amendment if it is not in writing or does not include a reason to support the request.
ln addition, we may deny your request if the information was not created by us, is not part of the medical information kept at this practice, is not part of the information which you would website be permitted to inspect and copy, or which we deem to be accurate and complete. lf we deny your request for amendment, you have the right to file a statement ol disagreement with us.
Unknowing $100 per violation, with an annual maximum of $25,000 for repeat violations (Note: maximum that can be imposed by State Attorneys General regardless of the type of violation) $50,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $1.5 million
Reasonable Cause $1,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $100,000 for repeat violations $50,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $1.5 million
Willful neglect but violation is corrected within the required time period $10,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $250,000 for repeat violations $50,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $1.5 million
Willful neglect and is not corrected within required time period $50,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $1.5 million $50,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $1.5 million
You're good to go. Saludos. Laugh with our free ruleta dinero ficticio and pick your favourite free online games there's loads to watch, play and do, and it's all in one place, on the Cartoon Network website.
Attached is a modded version of the 3.x balance to fine tune all of the minor details that I think need tweaking in an attempt to make improved game play. The mod is intended to “enhance” the current game play by making all of the weapons, bodies and turrets relevant for their intended purpose and time frame. Players are to continue playing as they normally would and the intended effect is that everything just kind of seems to work a little bit better for some reason.
At the core of this enhanced balance is a new turret/body weight system and a functional engine/terrain modifier system. As it currently stands right now, 90% of the weapon/body/propulsion combinations achieve the maximum speed allowed by default and therefore engine upgrades and terrain types have no effect on them. This is not how the game was intended to be. Under the enhanced balance mod, every weapon, body and propulsion type has a unique speed signature with each engine upgrade progressively giving more speed.
The mod also comes with an excel spreadsheet used to track and communicate the changes from the current balance. Screenshots of the spreadsheet are below
Simply put the stats folder (see attachment) inside any map and that’s it. Warzone maps have a .wz file extension and they can be opened just like a folder (WZ maps behave just like .zip archives).
Play a game with the EB-Sample map (see attachment). This map is essentially 10 player Classic NTW with each player having 10 research modules. The reason for choosing this map as a sample map to demonstrate the changes is because with 10 research modules, all research items will be seamlessly researched non-stop from start to finish and this allows you to compare all of the new research arrival times assuming that a player were to flawlessly research any particular research path in a real game. This map is also ideal for testing/racing unit speeds. The map is intended to be played on T1/Half bases using a combination of Hover and Nullbot AI’s.
Then use Ctrl +/- to increase the game speed to 100 and fast forward as much as you like. Sit back and watch the AI play…
To compare the changes to the existing balance, simply play the EB-SampleNoMod map side by side with the modded version in window mode.
While observing the AI gameplay, take note of the tank + cyborg speeds at various points in the game and experiment with testing different tank designs to see the new speed. Check the design again after engine upgrades have finished to see how much faster the unit has become.
Also take note of the new research arrival times. Research is seamless and flawless under this sample map however the AI does temporarily run out of power during some points. Type “whale fin” for infinite power and then you can see the hypothetical perfect research time for all items. However, infinite power doesn’t allow you to test new power production rates.
Use Ctrl + O to place any unit or structure. This is great for instantly testing nearly anything you want in WZ.
Use Alt + A to instantly unlock all research items. Do not use this in games when testing research arrival times because all research items will become available.
The early – mid tech tree time era lasts longer and the later part of the research tech tree now researches faster. Some minor dependencies have been tweaked. Please reference the balance tracker spreadsheet for the full list of research changes.
Power modules now give 1.25% more power but all power module upgrades are 1.25% less effective. The intention here is to make the power upgrades not as valuable or mandatory to stay competitive without affecting the overall flow of power. The solution of making generators 1.25% more powerful gives the effect of slightly more oil in the first 20 minutes of the game but by mid game (after 3 power upgrades) the power will seem the same. I did race mod vs no mod with constant research and mod had 6,000 more power at 91,000 vs 85,000 but they were tied at 130,000 in mid game, no mod took lead at 150,000 vs 146,000 but then in late game mod starts making more power again. I think this should benefit both high and low oil games. However, the last power upgrades are slightly more effective so it’s a gamble to skip early power upgrades if the game lasts long. Also, all power upgrades take slightly longer to research with the last one arriving near the very end of the tech tree.
All mortar upgrades after Bombard now take slightly less time to research making the later mortar upgrades more effective during the mid-game battles.
All howitzer upgrades take slightly longer to research moving artillery from mid-late game time to late game. This also inherently makes mortar more effective. Incendiary howitzer has improved range and arrives before groundshaker now instead of after. It should have a small window of effectiveness similar to incendiary mortar. Groundshaker has also been slightly nerfed. Also, now that units move faster due to engine upgrades, artillery is inherently less effective. The biggest reason current games go to mobile groundshaker/arch angel stalemates is because units move too slow to get within range. Games should now definitely end in dragon/wyvern + rail/scourge/laser tank wars instead of mobile artillery. Artillery is now effective as defensive emplacements but not so much for offensive mobile artillery. Artillery structure build times have been improved in parallel with all other defensive structures.
Hovers now receive 25% more HP’s and have slightly increased max speed. Hovers are currently a little bit too weak. Hover flamers are now viable alternatives to cannons and rockets but scorpion and mantis are needed to utilize extra hover speeds.
VTOL max speed has also been raised but VTOL bombs need good engine upgrades to achieve normal or faster than normal speeds.
Rockets now do slightly 10% more damage to cyborg, before it was too little but cannons also have received some favors too (too many tradeoffs to list in cannons vs rockets). I think all propulsions should now be balanced now and each has practical application in certain scenario’s.
All red and black bodies (late game bodies) have improved arrival times and production times. Wyvern and dragon tanks have improved speed and now take ~40 – 50 seconds to produce depending on turret/propulsion type compared to 60 – 70 seconds before. Dragon + Wyvern also arrive much earlier now. Wyvern is now fastest body in the game and dragon has most HP’s. This is a speed vs HP tradeoff in the final stages of the game. I’m looking forward to some red body tank wars instead of tiger track mobile artillery.
All bunkers and fortresses receive +2 armor, all hard points receive +100 HP, most towers receive +100 HP and improved armor and all defensive turrets have slightly improved build times. Also, truck construction upgrades are slightly improved making defense structures faster to build and slightly harder to kill. Cyborg construction engineer now builds faster as well but still slightly less than truck. Defenses in general should now be slightly stronger and take slightly less time to build. Build times for Mortars and Howitzers have also been improved.
Cyborg mechanic, light repair turret and heavy repair turret all repair 2x the amount of HP’s now. This isn’t too overpowering but makes these units effective in certain situations. Cyborg mechanic has improved speed and is useful for scouting but has 25% less HP’s. Cyborg mechanic should also be useful for repairing units in low oil games.
All VTOL bombs now take slightly longer to research but the AA upgrades have also been moved back in parallel. All VTOL bombs except for HEAP have been slightly improved to allow for each bomb to be useful in a certain time window. Plasmite bombs now fly faster with retribution and are slightly more powerful. Hurricane and whirlwind cost slightly more and take slightly longer to build. Sunburst and AA flak cannon are slightly improved. AA Flak cannon hardpoint now arrives earlier making it a viable alternative to whirlwind. Rocket line has Avenger AA as alternative to whirlwind. Stormbringer laser AA now arrives slightly earlier. All AA choices should be balanced now and each VTOL bomb should have a window of relevancy.
All cyborgs have been slightly improved in one way or another except for the basic mg cyborg. Please reference the guide to see the extra performance increase each cyborg gets.
There is just 1 reason why this weapons is used too rare - it is gound shaker. I'm trying to say - Groundshaker (GS) better in all cases than any other howitzers.
Why thermite bombs were improved? Thermite bombs were overpowered long time and later Thermite bombs were nerfed to reasonalbe values. Thermite bombs are usable still, but this kind of bombs requires more micromanagement, because in auto-patrol mode they spent damage in wrong way (incendiary damage/sec not taken into account).
You improved Medium cannon (MC). Cannons and rocket balance is too fragile. I mean - any change to cann or rock can break balance and make people play only cannnons or only rockets. In this case psyhology of players affects gameplay. if people think that rockets is stronger - they play only rockets.
Rockets line allows player to play "only rockets". No any other weapon line allows to play that way. You can't play "only cannons" because cyborgs will beat you in first 10-15 minutes of game. "pure MG" ia also impossible...
This means Twin assault gun will appear much earlier. May be this change correspond to something other? Cyborgs were made stronger twice??
Wow that's awesome you can compare two files like that. I know UNIX has "diff" to compare two files but I figured the output would be too messy. Instead I was checking line by line new file vs old file when I wasn't sure of the original value and it's really time consuming lol. Being able to quickly identify all the changes by comparing two files will save a lot of time! I was really curious about the number of changes myself and I guessed about 500 changes and it seems about right based on the file comparisons.
Admittedly, I did get sloppy at the end in documenting some of the changes because I started to feel that I'm wasting time documenting every single minor change when most people don't care to know or don't understand the implications but if you are able to quickly identify all of the changes by each line and then have an intellectual discussion on the change then I don't think I'm wasting my time . It's really good that you can do this because like I said, documenting and communicating the changes in a format that can be quickly digested has proved more time consuming then actually making the changes! I'm also in a huge hurry to post/finish what I have because once I figured out how to mod almost any aspect of the game play (2 weeks ago), I haven't been able to focus on anything in real life until this project is done!
I think the only change in this mod that the community as a whole might be interested in reusing is the body/turret weight system so I decided to post what I have thus far and get feedback to see if modding minor details of the stats is worthwhile.
These changes should improve balance in all games. NTW strategy vs low oil strategy is generally the same with only minor deviations. The only difference between the strategies is the speed of the research flow which affects the timing of the strategies.
In regards to assault gun range going from 9 to 12, that is a legitimate mistake. I meant to change the VTOL version of the weapon from 9 to 12 which is the line right below it. I did change the VTOL version but somehow I must have accidentally edited the line above it as well. Thanks for catching.
I tried to make the non-bomb VTOL weapons (minipod + heavy MG + light cannon etc....) more effective by increasing the range from 9 - 12, decreasing the minimum distance they can shoot from, increasing their ammo load and delaying the bombs. This is one area where I did get sloppy because I feel as if I can spend a lot of time making sure light cannon VTOL is good and balanced but nobody will still use it so I didn't want to spend any additional time on the non-bomb VTOL weapons. Instead I think I just changed all non-bomb VTOL weapons range from 9 to 12 and decreased the minimum firing distance. I used the minipod VTOL as a test case when playing around with the parameters.
This is correct. Right now twin assault gun arrives at same time as scourge and flashlight because both depend on neural research MK1 and scourge/flashlight are much better due to range. I have never found any use for twin assault gun in any circumstances so I tried to make it arrive earlier. I removed neural dependency for twin assault so that it comes directly after single assault gun and decreased res time for the weapon itself. I felt that original res time for the weapon itself is too long. Also, heavy cyborgs move ~15% faster and I slightly decreased Tank Killer cyborg production time from 1000 to 950.
Haha, thermite + plasmite bomb are the only changes I made that I wasn’t sure if it’s too overpowered or not. I did not play in 2.x but I read that thermite was too powerful at that time. Right now, the only reason why thermite is no good because it takes too long to produce compared to HEAP so HEAP has better overall ratios.
I think you have misinterpreted the changes to thermite. I decreased the direct hit damage of thermite bomb from 370 to 300 but I gave it 1.5 tile splash damage of 150 (HEAP has 2 tile@ 300). Since it is a “bomb” I think it should have some splash damage in addition to incendiary splash. The incendiary time has also been reduced from 200 to 155 (15 = 1 second?) but yes incendiary damage was increased from 95 to 192. The intention was to decrease the incendiary time (causes lag anyways I think) and concentrate the incendiary damage in a smaller amount of time which is slightly less than normal now. Thermite also flies kind of slow until turbo charged engine MK3 and I also made thermite require HEAP. The overall intention of these changes is to make the bombs progressively better but give time windows of relevancy of each. It’s supposed to go cluster --> phosphor --> HEAP --> Thermite --> Plasmite. Bomb research times have also been slightly increased to elongate the VTOL research path. I don’t think plasmite + thermite will be effective vs base materials but maybe against armies. I also reduced research time for whirlwind hardpoint. It’s difficult to say how VTOL will balance without actually playing a pro game.
Similar to VTOL, I want to make artillery progressively better and give time window of relevancy for each but currently only groundshaker is useful. Just like VTOL bomb upgrade, I did the same thing with artillery shell making each upgrade slightly longer to elongate the howitzer research path. Right now artillery weapon strength goes howitzer --> groundshaker --> incendiary howitzer --> hellstorm but incendiary howitzer is no good at range 39 and also because it comes after groundshaker. I increased incendiary howitzer range from 39 to 50 (GS = 64, hellstorm = 55) and made it come after howitzer instead of GS. Right now I think artillery is too strong in late game only because units move too slow to get close enough but with the speed changes I’m not sure artillery will be as strong. I did reduced GS splash damage from 350 to 300 but increased hellstorm direct hit and splash damage from 120 to 150. This is to make hellstorm better than GS. I also did decrease artillery round effectiveness vs cyborg from 130 to 125. Also, wyvern and dragon now move faster with more HP so I think wyvern + dragon tanks beat artillery in late game. Again, this can only be tested in pro game, no singleplayer games with bots can simulate research flow + arrival time in real game.
crab_ wrote: You improved Medium cannon (MC). Cannons and rocket balance is too fragile. I mean - any change to cann or rock can break balance and make people play only cannnons or only rockets. In this case psyhology of players affects gameplay. if people think that rockets is stronger - they play only rockets.
Agreed, cannon vs rocket is very fragile and also it is the foundation in which the gameplay is based. MG and flamer are supplementary. Changing the unit speeds alone affects rocket vs cannon balance because now medium cannon moves faster on cobra half-track in addition to arriving 20 – 30 seconds earlier. The speed difference alone with MC I think may make cannon too strong now in early game. I tried to make medium cannon weigh more but then scorpion hover doesn’t receive 1.5x speed bonus… I did increase rocket effectiveness vs legged from 35 to 40 because minipod seems too weak vs cyborg. I decreased HPV production time from 700 to 650 but also decreased tank killer cyborg production time from 1000 to 950. Single auto cannon rate of fire increased from 40 to 45 (right now nobody uses it) but twin assault cannon and heavy cannon are inherently less effective because they move slower now relative to lancer. I did increase needle range from 11 to 12 to stay competitive vs scourge.
I would say the following is an approximate timeline of when rocket/cannon is favored on arbitrary map settings using the research tech times. This is obviously a generalization given arbitrary settings. This timeline may seem a little bit NTW biased but for the most part it’s still valid in other games as well
0 – 7 minutes: Half track/light cannon beats rocket in low quantities. (factory upgrade comes at 6:53)
7 – 13 minutes An army with ~6+ minipod rockets starts beating light cannon and very easily with 10+ rockets due to superior range (HPV comes at 11:00)
15 – 18 minutes HPV cyborg is available at 12:40 and once 10 of them reach the front line rocket has no counter until flashlight.
18 - 20 minutes Is all cannon and it gets even worse as heavy cannon and twin assault cannon become available at 17:29 and 19:19.
20 – 24 minutes It’s during this point where cannons typically end the game with twin assault cannon and HPV cyborg combination, it’s too much for rockets.
24 - 45 minutes is rockets, if you can survive this long. Tank killer comes at 20:59 but usually takes 10 of them at the front line before they can keep cannons at a distance. Shortly thereafter tank killer cyborg is available and then scourge all of which beat cannon due to their range. Rail gun doesn’t come until 44:06 and obviously beats the rocket path the rest of the game.
Agreed. I stopped documenting some stuff because I don’t anticipate these changes to be adopted and master version is different so I didn’t think it was worth investing the time but I see you can quickly identify what has changed . Right now this mod is just a personal attempt at improving balance but when it comes time for the next master release or 4.x I definitely want to give much more consideration/care when making changes and together we can make perfect balance. I was under the impression up until 2 weeks ago that balance changes were difficult to implement. I wanted to make this post to demonstrate that as a community we can make changes easily, it’s just a matter of collecting feedback on what to change. It’s nice to have these types of discussions on advanced technical details of balance because that’s one area of improvement that we can make progress on in next release and the amount of work is miniscule compared to how much it can improve the game.
Some other things that I'd like to change is increasing the research price for some items but I can't figure out how research cost is calculated. I think you originally mentioned this idea in another thread. The values in research.txt seem to only affect research time (not cost) and I can't find where the cost values are stored. I observed from gauss/dragon/wyvern that they have different research times but each cost 450 so I'm not sure how cost is derived from the research time variable in research.txt. It seems cost may be calculated based on ranges of research time e.g. research item with 40,000 - 50,0000 points (dragon/gauss/wyvern) have 450 cost, 30,000 - 40,000 research points = 350 price etc... or something like that.
You also did mention in another thread about reducing effectiveness of power upgrade because any good player knows it's almost mandatory to research power upgrade because it's too powerful. I highly agree but did not change it because it will affect the overall power a player has and how they spend power. Right now I think defensive structures are only useful if there is spare power after full tank/cyborg production so if we reduce effectiveness of power upgrade I think it will also make defensive structures less effective because don't have enough power for units. One way around this is to increase the price of power upgrades but as mentioned above I cannot figure out how that's done.
In order to managing the complexity of this, you need to put it under some sort of version control system. That will give you some hope of being able to tell what has changed from one version to another. Also, there are a number of tools, both graphical and command-line, that will show you the differences between text files. Doing it by hand is... challenging.
It would be interesting to do this for the WZ master branch since that is where future development will take place. I'm guessing there are some scripts to convert the old files to JSON format. If not, we can make them.
For this to be an actual experiment, it would be nice to have some actual data where we can compare the results of changes. Maybe small skirmishes we could re-run.
MIH-XTC wrote: These changes should improve balance in all games. NTW strategy vs low oil strategy is generally the same with only minor deviations. The only difference between the strategies is the speed of the research flow which affects the timing of the strategies.
We have maps with 8 oil per player. At this kind of map you can't play like on NTW. In some cases you simply stop researching and force unit production.
I'm simply cant talk about balance on all maps. I think it is nearly impossible to make balance which will work on any map.
MIH-XTC wrote: This is correct. Right now twin assault gun arrives at same time as scourge and flashlight because both depend on neural research MK1 and scourge/flashlight are much better due to range. I have never found any use for twin assault gun in any circumstances so I tried to make it arrive earlier. I removed neural dependency for twin assault so that it comes directly after single assault gun and decreased res time for the weapon itself. I felt that original res time for the weapon itself is too long. Also, heavy cyborgs move ~15% faster and I slightly decreased Tank Killer cyborg production time from 1000 to 950.
MIH-XTC wrote: Some other things that I'd like to change is increasing the research price for some items but I can't figure out how research cost is calculated. I think you originally mentioned this idea in another thread. The values in research.txt seem to only affect research time (not cost) and I can't find where the cost values are stored. I observed from gauss/dragon/wyvern that they have different research times but each cost 450 so I'm not sure how cost is derived from the research time variable in research.txt. It seems cost may be calculated based on ranges of research time e.g. research item with 40,000 - 50,0000 points (dragon/gauss/wyvern) have 450 cost, 30,000 - 40,000 research points = 350 price etc... or something like that.
There is workaround - change power of labs and research module. You need to know exactly all formulas.
MIH-XTC wrote: Agreed. I stopped documenting some stuff because I started to feel that I'm wasting time documenting every single minor change when most people don't care to know or don't understand the implications but if you are able to quickly identify all of the changes by each line and then have an intellectual discussion on the change then I don't think I'm wasting my time
Okay, after having an in depth conversation with you on the matters above I decided it is worthwhile to pursue finishing documentation and make more changes. I updated the original post with the newest and final version of this mod. I would say original mod was only 25% complete compared to this latest version. Per our previous conversation, I did abandon the changes to twin assault MG and thermite bomb discussed above but changed many other items. All changes are documented in the spreadsheet. I have put an outline of the intended effects of changes in the original thread post for all readers to read. Can you try this mod when you have a chance and let me know what you think of it now? I put instructions on how to test this mod in the original forum post.
stiv wrote: In order to managing the complexity of this, you need to put it under some sort of version control system.
That is a great idea to have this mod come pre-packed in a map as a demonstration. I chose to use 10 player classic NTW map with each player having 10 research labs as a demonstration map because this will allow for non-stop seamless research of all items in the tech tree from start to finish and this is the best way to compare new arrival times for research items. A big flat map is also ideal for testing/racing unit speeds and unit battles. I added this map to the original post attachment and named it EB-Sample. I also added the same map without the mod so you can compare side by side in window view.
crab_ wrote: In 3.1.x we have one number (Research Points) which stores both research time and research cost.
Thanks, I found where 32 and 450 values are declared. Unfortunately they are hardcoded in research.cpp on lines 53 and 54.
I’m in agreeance with one of your previous posts that research costs should be doubled. Ideally I would like to change 32 to 16 to double the cost and raise max cost from 450 to 1000. If 32 affects research time too then we can double research values in /stats/functions.txt to change the cost without affecting time.
In current version of WZ players able to use different strategies. I see this all and I think it is good. Each change can break it...
- balance is not about reality. Reality and Balance are two opposing poles. I mean - more balance => less reality and more reality => less balance.
I like it. Early game research is too fast. But it all is tuned to low-oil games. Make early research slower => rush will be only strategy in low-oil games
I do not like it. Hovers are bad in NTW games, but on other maps they can be too strong. I remember games there hovers were overpowered.
omg***** I never thought to import delimited .txt files into excel and just found that all my hard work over last few weeks to manually import stats into excel could have been accomplished in mere minutes
I guess it never occurred to me because I started off only with the intentions of modifying turret weights
uhg... well at least now I can have 100% accurate documentation in excel in a matter of seconds instead of days.
I just had a really good idea on how to make the research tech tree more linear and make research paths more independent. That's what I'm going to do next, it's going to be nice. Stay tuned
Funny you should ask that, just a couple of days ago I tried using it in the campaign and found it's not compatible with the campaign because the stats folder found under base.wz is not the same as the stats folder in mp.wz. Not all of the same weapons are available and wz threw an error when trying to use the mp.wz stats in the campaign. I'll have to compare base.wz to mp.wz stats and figure out which lines need to be removed. I'm in the process of fixing it now.
Now that I realized I can import all of the stats into excel (comma delimited text files) I'm going to make it such that anyone can modify the stats within the excel workbook (much easier to read) and write VBA code to export all of the stats .txt files with the click of one button. This way anyone will be able to experiment with their own modifications. I'd like for this to be more of a tool for other people to use.
Bad idea. There is a very good reason why they differ. The campaign stats were made to balance the campaign game, so, if you go screwing around with that, it really throws wrenches into things.
Please check whether the bugs you reported and we said we fixed are really fixed, if the exe works on all systems (Win98 e.g.) or if any annoying new bugs appeared. You don't need to go into excessive debugging, just tell is if you encounter any anomalies when normally running this exe.
- On Windows you will get a popup window which asks you to save a diagnostic file. Please choose yes and send us the file. It is very helpful for us.
- On Linux Warzone will automatically save a textfile into /tmp/warzone2100.gdmp. Please also send us this file. (It is very helpful if you have GDB installed. You don't have to run Warzone through it, as Warzone can start it automatically on a crash.)
Note: These files contain informations about your system and the crash. They should be completely anonymous...
The Windows Minidump should be also, but as of it's binary nature Microsoft might hide something in it. At least in my tests I wasn't able to discover anything unusual and you can be sure that we wouldn't use those informations for any malicious things if we could access that info at all.
Just extract them to your Warzone directory and override the old exe/binary. (You might want to save a backup of the old exe, though.)
On Systems older than Windows XP you need to download the dbghelp.dll.7z and extract it to your Warzone folder. Make sure you read the license.txt as this DLL is not GPLed!
* Fix: Autotool build: Cleaning and uninstallation has been fixed (and generally Automake's features are used better)
Updated binaries to r909. This should fix several additional crashes and also changes the cutscenes further:
I could probably make that code run without having a dbghelp.dll. But then it couldn't create a memory dump.
Would be nice to get some voices, whether you think this is needed, or whether downloading that dll from Microsoft is ok for you.
That only refers to the texts (subtitles) and not to the videos... Maybe I should find a more clear wording.
Mhh, so in the final version of 2.0.6 this memory dumping is not available and that MS-dll not necessary?
No. I meant that it is possible to make the dbghelp.dll optional. But that would go at the cost of most people not installing it, what would mean that we would get less debugging info.
Pardon my ignorance. But why does this series of warzone2100 builts (2.0.x) all gives extreme unplayable lag, even at main menu? Was still under test and its suppose to be this way? Or was it graphic issue? It happens on both my desktop and laptop machines, though it get fixed when I play under fullscreen with my laptop only. ???
Ok I tried to add a couple of maps and then it started to crash. I deleted everything to reinstal then it wont work at all. the first time it set up the WZ exes in the file now it overwrites the exe to only have one and wont work.
Video: ATI Radeon 9600 128Mb RAM (yes I know this game doesnt like radeon but its never had problems til now)
1. Any time (well, most of the time) I use the ctrl or shift buttons to select multiple units, queue builds, or change the game speed the controls kinda "lock up" for about 5 seconds and wont let me do anything. The game still plays fine but I cant move the map or click stuff or anything. Which is kinda annoying when you've just changed the speed to 20X >:(. Specifics: Mouse shows target reticule when this happens. Game does seem to slow a tiny bit and mouse kinda skips around a little.
2. This isnt exactly a problem with the beta I don't think but in campaign 1 after clearing the main area of enemies completely it says to build a base on the plateau and I do but it won't go on.
rcbecker1 wrote: What ever you did it works better than ever before, yahoo plays great on my Win XP.
If it crashes, you should be asked to save a diagnostic file... If you are not asked (a yes/no messagebox), then that's another bug.
RayfenWindspear wrote: 2. This isnt exactly a problem with the beta I don't think but in campaign 1 after clearing the main area of enemies completely it says to build a base on the plateau and I do but it won't go on.
I have to say, this is genius, simple little adjustments for all these different locations/browsers/settings. I have been a follower for probly a couple years now, and never made a forum account til today. currently overseas, and in an identical situation to what pops up for us over here. Though the laptop connected to the system doesn't have internet, the one next to it was on xkcd:) nail on the head....printed it off and posted it next to the radar screen(not missiles...rockets and mortars and artillery though lol) Glorious!
I freely admit I stopped lurking and joined the forum just to post this. I checked the comic from work and saw this one. I don't think it's been posted yet... I just wanted to say hello, and thank you. This sort of thing means so much to everyone here at DFCI.
Daimon wrote: Was I the only one who thought of trying to see it on a browser from 1993 and seeing Umwelt not show completely?
turvycat wrote: I love this. In Safari on the Mac I get the tunnel of light. Anybody think it might be a reference to the late Steve Jobs?
Unlikely. As far as I can tell, the white circle is the "we didn't recognize your browser's User-Agent" comic. Since the User-Agent parsing code appears to be rather fragile, it shows up a lot for me on non-Mac browsers.
I'm so glad i checked the forums today because I didn't understand the relation of the alt-text to the berlin chairlift comic.
rykilde wrote: I freely admit I stopped lurking and joined the forum just to post this. I checked the comic from work and saw this one. I don't think it's been posted yet... I just wanted to say hello, and thank you. This sort of thing means so much to everyone here at DFCI.
Hey, cool! I had considered ceasing to check if this thread was updated - I have kept the tab open since April 1 - but this was a good reason to keep checking! I hadn't seen this one.
For new readers, the google doc linked above contains most (if not all) of the comics that Randall drew.
When I read the alt-text, I honestly thought "Umwelt" was referring to how MIT students in different majors perceived the same environment differently, and then I came to the forums and found another layer of recursive meaning. This is the greatest comic.
Have to jump in and correct you here, 15 is Management Science (Economics is 14). At MIT undergrad course 15 is typically the butt of all jokes, as it has a significantly lighter (and usually easier) workload than most of the other majors (related: example course 15 lab: http://lolbeavers.mit.edu/photo/15301-lab-5-bunnies/).
Of course, Course 15 is also the #2 undergrad business program in the US, only behind UPenn, and they tend to as a group go on to make gobs more money than the other majors at MIT, so, they get the last laugh.
I've seen all the ones on the google document but not clicked all the links in this thread given how many repeats there are, so I may have missed something.
I joined to ask if anyone had looked for any of the following. I'm not technologically skilled enough to pretend I'm looking from somewhere else, but some of the people here have clearly been doing that.
Someone suggested they had "all" the states with the earthquake/aurora - but I haven't seen anything for Hawaii. I wondered because Alaska got it's own comic. Did anyone look from there ?
I also wondered if there were any further afield geographical ones. I know there can't be comics for all the countries but what about continents - is there one for Africa ? Has anyone looked ?
Lastly - what about Antarctica ? I would have included that, and Nasa and the military were both covered, and there's plenty of scientist XKCD fans with at least some internet access for some of the research stations there.
Here in Germany I got the "Berlin Chairlift"- one at work. But back home on my Linux-machine its only the white hole, using Seamonkey or Konqueror - and the chairlift again on Firefox! So fired up an VM running XP und startet IE8 and got the white hole, while Firefox on XP displays the german one again. Cool!
THANK YOU for posting the DFCI comic. I got annoyed enough that none of the lists had it, that I made an account myself to post it. But you beat me to it.
I'm not sure if I saw this one posted yet. This is via a really old version of Firefox at Work. I didn't even realize this was an April fools comic until I came to this thread today.
going back to the uk one. screen shots here show it as one long panel but it changes 3 times according the the size of the window. (firefox 11 in the uk)
1. small screen: plain stick man with text 'sorry i don't have a comic poking fun at the uk here...')
3. full screen: woman with union flag standing on land across the water replying to him 'hey, at least we have free health care...'
i was at first a bit miffed as i thought he was being a bit cheeky. now really chuffed that it was location, browser and window size specific
The airlift benefited Germany but was planned and authorized from Washington, DC; the comic connects those two places.
Json information for this comic gives the previous comic's image url. This messes up any browser or app that uses the protocol. I would appreciate it if you fixed this.
AislinKageno wrote: Hey, cool! I had considered ceasing to check if this thread was updated - I have kept the tab open since April 1 - but this was a good reason to keep checking! I hadn't seen this one.
I literally registered just to say how awesome it is that Randall puts this much work into one comic. He might not see this, but if he does, kudos man.
Carnildo wrote: As far as I can tell, the white circle is the "we didn't recognize your browser's User-Agent" comic. Since the User-Agent parsing code appears to be rather fragile, it shows up a lot for me on non-Mac browsers.
It isn't. That comic isn't available everywhere and it can come up is some situation only for recognized browsers. There is actually a specific comic for if the UA parsing code (or any other code) entirely fails. Also, non-Mac? We barely tested on Mac. Nearly all the testing was on Linux. I think you should want to reconsider your theory.
davean, I am very confused about what you just said. Could you please go into more details? Like, for example, explain what all the possible outcomes are and what all the required conditions are for each. Thanks!
don't know if anyone has posted this, or if it is significant, but googling (xkcd 1037) gets me this as the result, and it appears to be specific to this comic.
Makes sense. Chrome/Chromium on Fedora gives me the the white circle, while Konqueror (definitely a much more obscure and much likelier to get an unrecognised user-agent) gets the police diver one.
vcpink wrote: don't know if anyone has posted this, or if it is significant, but googling (xkcd 1037) gets me this as the result, and it appears to be specific to this comic.
I was goofing off, and noticed there's a "Transcript" tag on the comic. I don't think they're all here, and if you can't see them it's hard to tell which are panel cuts and which are variant comics, but it may help track down a few of the rarer comics
[[Two people standing next to each other. One is holding the head end of a snake. Depending on the width of your browser, the snake is:
the first frame has a human-size bump, the second has a third person looking at the snake, and the third has the snake going though two Portals;
a squirrel and the human-size bump in the first frame, a ring next to the third person in the second frame, and Beret Guy riding the snake in front of the portal;
The squirrel, a fourth person within the snake being coiled, and the human bump in the first frame, the ring, a fifth person in love, and the third person in the second frame, Beret Guy and the portal in the third frame, and the same two people in the fourth frame.]]
[[Two people sitting at a desk. One is Black Hat Guy. The other is an analyst. Black Hat Guy has a number of terminals attached to his head]]
Analyst: You come across a tortoise in the desert. You flip it over. It struggles to right itself. You watch. You&#39;re not helping. Why is that?
[[View of the entire scene, with said turtle off in the distance on its back and trying to right itself.
[[A group of four scale down a wall into a field in the middle of the night. They walk off single-file]]
Person 1: So he said he didn&#39;t get the text, but c&#39;mon, he *never* misses texts. Right? ..hello?
Peson 2: I&#39;m just staring at your head freaked out by th efact that there are millions of galaxies *directly behind it*.
(This comic takes place in a dystopian future where the government is afraid dogs can hover, so it requires them to wear weights at all times, and some people privately doubt the government, but not enough to stop buying dog weights)
Person: What I wanna know is why do hot dogs come in packages of six while buns come in these huge sacks of ash and blood from which &quot;Ave Maria&quot; is faintly audible?
[[There&#39;s no comic here because instead of drawing one, I spent the last hour reading every news story cited in the Wikipedia article on &quot;The Mile High Club&quot;]]
Chrome: Chrome is looking for this piece. Have you seen it? Chrome thinks it links up with a corner.
Chrome: There does not exist --nor could there *ever* exist-- a plugin capable of displaying this content.
Firefox: Well, this is embarassing. You know how I&#39;m not supposed to peek at your browsing in private mode? Firefox.. is sorry. Firefox will not blame you if you
Person: Maxthon? Hey, 2005 called. Didn&#39;t say anything. All I could hear was sobbing. This is getting harder. Anyway, yeah, Maxthon&#39;s still cool! Didn&#39;t know it was still around!
Person: Netscape Navigator? Hey, the nineties called - drunk as usual. I hung up without saying anything. This is getting harder. Anyway - it&#39;s cool that you&#39;e got netscape running.
Error: You have exceeded your AT&amp;T monthly bandwidth cap. Mobile web browsing has been disabled.
I know y&#39;all know what you&#39;re doing. But if you&#39;re on a military machine and youre supposed to be watching for missiles or something, I hope you&#39;re keeping an eye on that in the background while you&#39;re reading comics.
Chrome: This plugin requires clearance from the corporate press office in order to run. Remember, Amazon is a team; individual employees should *never* speak for the company without authorization.
Firefox: This plugin requires clearance from the corporate press office in order to run. Remember, Amazon is a team; individual employees should *never* speak for the company without authorization.
Chrome: This plugin requires clearance from the corporate press office in order to run. Remember, Google is a team; individual employees should *never* speak for the company without authorization.
Chrome: This plugin requires clearance from the corporate press office in order to run. Remember, Microsoft is a team; individual employees should *never* speak for the company without authorization.
Firefox: This plugin requires clearance from the corporate press office in order to run. Remember, Microsoft is a team; individual employees should *never* speak for the company without authorization.
Error: This plugin requires clearance from the corporate press office in order to run. Remember, Microsoft is a team; individual employees should *never* speak for the company without authorization.
Chrome: This plugin requires clearance from the corporate press office in order to run. Remember, The Times is a team; individual employees should *never* speak for the company without authorization.
Error: This plugin requires clearance from the corporate press office in order to run. Remember, The Times is a team; individual employees should *never* speak for the company without authorization.
Error: This plugin requires clearance from the corporate press office in order to run. Remember, We work as a team; individual employees should *never* speak for the company without authorization.
Police divers searching the bay say they have recovered thebody of another victim of the &quot;Lake Diver Killer&quot; During the search, three more divers were reported missing.
I worry that CNU only invited me back as a ruse because they realized I never turned in my final paper and want my diploma back. But if it turns out it&#39;s for real, I&#39;ll see you wednesday at the Ferguson!
Person 1: Hey, you&#39;re French, right? Ever see what happens when you type &quot;French Military Victories&quot; into Google?
French person: ..no? Strange, given how he kicked everyone&#39;s asses up and down europe for over a decade.
French person: You know, that&#39;d sound smarter if you didn&#39;t pronounce it like it rhymes with &quot;douche&quot;.
June 1948: In response to the Soviet blockade of East Germany, the western allies construct the Berlin Chairlift.
American person: Sorry I don&#39;t have a comic poking fun at the UK here. I only had time to get to the most *important* US states.
Person 1: Apparently there&#39;s a solar storm causing northern lights over Canada. CNN say they might even be visible {{Options: &quot;As Far South As Us&quot;, &quot;Here in Boston&quot;, &quot;Maine&quot;, &quot;Ohio&quot;, &quot;Oregon&quot;, &quot;New York&quot;}}! Wanna drive out to see?
Person 1:Apparently there&#39;s a solar flare that&#39;s causing some Great Aurorae. CBC says they may even be visible here! Wanna drive out to see?
Person 2: Seriously? That&#39;s the worst this place can do? Wow. I guess we grow up tougher in California.
[[Both are in the middle of a hurricane. Person 2 is grabbing onto a signpost to avoid being swept away]]
{{Title text: Umwelt is the idea that because their senses pick up on different things, different animals in the same ecosystem actually live in very different worlds. Everything about you shapes the world you inhabit--from your ideology to your glasses prescription to your web browser.}}
Bounty wrote: I was goofing off, and noticed there's a "Transcript" tag on the comic. I don't think they're all here, and if you can't see them it's hard to tell which are panel cuts and which are variant comics, but it may help track down a few of the rarer comics
I read through the whole thing, and didn't find any I hadn't seen, except for some minor/subtle variations (e.g. all the different states for each disaster). In addition, there was only one comic I did see which wasn't transcribed in there
Assuming the DFCI comic is legitly part of the Umwelt collection, I guess this means your transcript isn't comprehensive of all the strips... Rather, it seems to contain everything that had been found and posted at the Google doc
"Sometimes game development isn't about doing what is nice to everyone all the time." - Jens Bergensten
It's not 'my' transcript, but part of the page. if you view the page source for any comic before the current one you'll find this tag after the Image URL link
I wonder if the transcript is comprehensive of all the April Fools comics available to the world, and Randall actually got Dana Farber to have a unique one by asking their network admins to do that (perhaps because using IPs would neither guarantee all computers at Dana Farber have the comic, nor guarantee that computers outside Dana Farber don't have it? I don't know much about the distribution of IPs to know whether a lookup table would work to do something like this.).
I've moved around so much that I didn't even pick up on the fact that the comic mentioned my current city specifically.
Yeah, the comic linked to in the JSON API for this one just has the details for the previous strip... so if you're browsing from an app, rather than looking at the actual page with all its dynamic funkiness, then that's what you're getting.
Is there any way to experience the different variations using the page, with the javascript and such functioning? I think I've gotten 4 variations, but none that expand on resize.
Alt-text: Umwelt is the idea that because their senses pick up on different things, different animals in the same ecosystem actually live in very different worlds. Everything about you shapes the world you inhabit--from your ideology to your glasses prescription to your browser window size.
Yes and no. The whole service for Umwelt is broken, so no one can view Umwelt regardless of browser (or other trait that changed the appearance of the comic).
You are not supposed to get nothing on Edge, but it's not that you get nothing because of using Edge.
This blog was... how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I have found something that helped me. Thanks!
Chicago Urban Plunge is an urban mission experience designed for students and adults, high school age and older (Jr. High students may be included in trips with a wider student age-range). Through this experience they will be introduced to an opportunity to serve a church within a multiracial urban community. The experience will include projects to serve the community, share Christ with the church’s neighbors, and assist the church community in connecting with our neighbors.
Trips can be planned for Spring/Fall Break terms (which are highly adaptable), or planned for the summer (to coordinate with our summer outreach programming).
The Ministry Staff of FCC will take the lead in planning your mission experience with input from the group leaders, and have some interaction with the group. However, Chicago Urban Plunge is not a “full-service” mission trip. The Urban Plunge mission group will be responsible for meals, and spiritual formation programming for the team while they are here (helps can be suggested for those who desire).
People – The Bible begins in the garden, but ends in the city. God loves people. The city is all about God’s people, either needing or proclaiming His message of love through Jesus Christ.
People of the World – There is not a more ethnically diverse area in the Midwest than Chicago. The opportunity to touch people who could in turn touch the world is unmatched.
Opportunities – How do you see the needs of approximately eight million people that live in the greater Chicagoland area? The apostle Paul calls such opportunities in the city of Ephesus a “great door of effective work” that was opened up for him.
Exposure – See firsthand the many unique ministry opportunities in Chicago. As you participate in these ministries it will open your eyes to the opportunities for ministry in your own hometown.
Impact – The Urban Plunge is designed to move your group to consider a life involved with urban missions. Watch God touch their lives through the experiences of each day and throughout the week.
Michael Wood talks about FW100 and the ministry that is coming ahead as we move towards our 100th year anniversary as a church.
A behind-the-scenes interview podcast that will connect you deeper to First West's pastors and staff. Nathan Neufang and Brandon Rodgers host the show.
The image shown is the amount of product for the price given. Plush, stuffed stickers. Self adhesive. A variety of perfect embellishments1 Many are based on the Mrs Grossman's sticker line! Larger pictures show a ruler for measurement.
Dimmit County Sheriff Marion Boyd says the SUV went out of control at more than 100 miles per hour and overturned on Texas Highway 85, ejecting those inside. Dimmit County deputies took over the chase near Big Wells, Texas.
Boyd credited "good police work" for the reason why deputies started pursuing the vehicle, News 4 San Antonio reported, adding that Boyd said human smuggling was a "real problem" in the area.
Dimmit County officials confirmed Sunday afternoon that five people have died in a crash involving undocumented immigrants.
The driver, a suspected smuggler and also believed to be a US citizen, survived the crash, according to NBC News.
The crash took place in the city of Big Wells outside San Antonio after Border Patrol agents tried to stop the driver of an SUV, ABC television affiliate KSAT reported.
"Our deepest sympathies go out to the families of those who died in the crash", The Border Patrol said in the statement.
Boyd said the driver of the Suburban was also injured and was flown to a San Antonio hospital. "It's a problem. This is, I think, a flawless example of why our borders need to be secure".
"If it can be built, then I think it should be built, but along with that, I think there needs to be cameras", Boyd said. "We dealt with him last week", Boyd said.
Yolanda Choates, a US Customs and Border Protection spokeswoman, directed questions to the Dimmit County Sheriff's Office.
Despite a number of requests, CBS News is not being allowed inside - not even near the perimeter of the facility. Immigrant children traveling alone or separated from relatives can be held by authorities under USA rules.
Giuliani also said the President has told his attorneys, "I haven't pardoned anybody". While he declined to say much on the matter, "I don't want to talk about that", Mr.
At another point, however, Trump say "I may be wrong" about his new negotiating partner. DPRK is the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the formal name of North Korea .
CURTIS STRANGE: Does it show disrespect to the Championship? "He just laughed at me, he had no words to say". It's meant to take advantage of the rules as best as you can. "I just finally did".
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho was in Moscow to watch the game as part of his punditry role with Russian broadcaster RT.
Get ready football fans, today is the start of the 2018 World Cup which is being held in Russian Federation this year. For example, users will also be able to see match schedules and other updates related to the world cup games.
The regional bid proved more appealing this time and the North Americans even collected 11 votes from Africa. The 2026 World Cup is coming to the United States - and Miami is expected to be one of the venues .
The leader of the hard-right House Freedom Caucus, Representative Mark Meadows, said he knew of at least one error in the draft. Hours after Trump's comments , the White House issued a statement saying the president had misspoken.
After so much hard work, suddenly the whole world is gathered in your backyard to celebrate their love for football. The show opened with a performance of Pyotr Tchaikovski by violinist Yuri Bashmet and pianist Daniil Trifonov.
The rate of inflation is expected to be 1.7% in 2018, up from the 1.4% predicted previously due to higher oil prices. The dollar slipped 0.05 percent to 110.57 yen, retreating from a three-week high of 110.9 yen.
While the United States and Canada fight over dairy trade, the Kim meeting concerns the fate of nuclear weapons. Mr Kim is likely to ask for a security guarantee and the easing of sanctions in return, say analysts.
But compared to what happened right across the street, we are super lucky. "We had no idea what was going on", Frie said. Investigators in Bradford County in northeast Pennsylvania say that a tornado caused the damage in Franklin Township.
They also gathered around the city's main cathedral, playing music and bringing a touch of the South American party spirit. Denmark join France on three points in Group C after Les Bleus registered a 2-1 triumph over Australia earlier on Saturday.
Boyd said his officers have dealt with the driver before, adding he was scouting the area earlier to try and pick up immigrants. The accident happened before noon Sunday off Highway 85 in Big Wells, about 130 miles southwest of San Antonio.
That said, we've written that city projects touted as private-sector-paid endeavors can wind up dipping into taxpayers' pockets. The Boring Company says it will shoulder the financial burden of the project, which will be "100% privately funded".
Despite fears pre-match, there was no reports of any racist chanting from among the near-capacity crowd. Hopefully, the Super Eagles play better in the 2 group matches left.
Preparation wise, Afghanistan picked two vastly different squads for the T20Is against Bangladesh and their inaugural Test. Ajinkya Rahane , who is standing in as captain in place of Virat Kohli , won the toss and opted to bat first.
Mourinho reportedly "has been left angered" by the preferential treatment given to Liverpool in the Premier League fixture list. Newcastle face Tottenham (3rd), Cardiff (19th), Chelsea (5th), Man City (1st), Arsenal (6th) and Crystal Palace (11th).
Confronting possible criminal charges in New York, Trump's former lawyer Michael Cohen may have a similar choice ahead of him . Manafort has been under house arrest, confined to his Alexandria, Va. home, since first he was indicted in October .
Following his remarks, the President later emphasised his remarks were "sarcastic" when asked by reporters at the White House. And Friday, the president told Fox & Friends, "He's the head of a country - and I mean he's the strong head".
A TechRadar article on Wednesday caused a flap by reporting Netflix would launch its first streamable game. In a statement via TechRadar , Netflix said: 'There's a broad spectrum of entertainment available today.
Kaitlyn soon discovered her head did indeed fit - then realised she was unable to take it back out again. "I have got to hear her side of the story".
Malta is insisting its stand is in line with its global obligations that state any rescued people should be taken to the closest, safest port of call.
The Islamic year runs on a lunar calendar, making each month depending on the cycle of the moon as to when it begins and ends. Eid al-Fitr is celebrated differently in each culture in the world, however its significance remains the same in Islam.
Singapore time, or 9 p.m.in Washington, D.C., at the Capella resort on Singapore's Sentosa Island . Now, he's posing for smiling selfies ahead of his meeting with President Donald Trump .
Several media organisations questioned whether the decision set a new precedent for defamation payments. Rebel Wilson's huge defamation payout has been slashed after the claim was taken to the appeals court.
Asked how would the U.S. make sure the denuclearisation, Trump said "We're going to have to check it and we will check it". Later in the interview, Stephanopoulos reminded Trump that he accused Kim of starving his people just several months ago.
If you would like to order this loveseat. Please check the loveseat's information and compare prices before deciding to order it. Very impressed! The colors are exactly as displayed. I am very happy with this loveseat. It is very nice. I'm definitely getting more. Very quick shipping as well.
Easy to use, comfortable strap and live the colors. The quality of this loveseat was above my expectations for the price I paid! Great loveseat, great price! I bought this just based off from the reviews, and they were all right! After getting this, I have told everyone how great it is, especially for the price!
This loveseat is a perfect fit for any living room. The sleek design and classic build make this a great choice for any home. Parts to be assembled: Seat back, arms, legs and seat cushions.
It is popular product and low price. If you would like to buy . I was delighted to you found good deals to buy . - Charlton Home Patricia Rolled Arm Loveseat
This is such a great and delicate . It's very pretty. I purchased one for myself and my friend. I would definitely recommend this product if you're in the market for a cute loveseat. great gift for any age! it looks a little cheap but still very cute! Love, love, love this !! Looks as it was presented and the material and color are great. The size was expected and price was reasonable for the quality. If only they had more colors.
Love this loveseat! The loveseat is nice looking. This looks much more expensive than it is. I got this as a gift for my girlfriend and she absolutely loves it and I'm very happy to see her happy. highly recommend! It arrived on time. I have had many (s) before, but this one is the best. It's also stylish and am very happy to have bought it.
This was cheap and it looks like expensive loveseat, when I bought it I'm thinking of buying a few more. I am very impressed with this loveseat! I soooo love the ! Aside from it is my favorite color, the size is perfect. The delivery period is awesome too! I'll definitely shop again with online shop. Quality seems good. You won't regret it
My secrets for how to ACTUALLY shop for clothes online- where to shop online, HOW to shop online, how to like what you buy AND how to save money / get the look for less! These tips will help you feel like a pro online shopper! Give this video a thumbs up if you like it!
As we noted a few days ago (click here), there is an idea afoot whereby mortgages of “underwater” homes would be taken by eminent domain at their fair market value, not the nominal loan balance (which is much higher), and then the loans secured by them would be restructured to make them affordable to the “underwater” homeowners who could now resume paying off their restructured, lower balance mortgage with payments they could afford. The losers would be the lenders who lent money on those mortgages but who now would receive the current fair market value of their secured note, which these days is a lot less than what they originally lent because those mortgages aren’t likely to be repaid so they are not worth nearly the amount of the loan. Sounds deceptively simple to us. Aside from the fact that, as we noted earlier, this could jeopardize the soundness of some banks holding these loans, it turns out that there are other complications — like the fact that a lot of those loans are guaranteed by the government or by Fannie and Freddie, and many of them have been securitized into mortgage-backed bonds.
Anyway, we just came across an article by Reuters.com that describes this poposal in more detail, and deals with some of these complications. It’s Felix Salmon, Why Using Eminent Domain for Liens Is a Bad Idea — click here. If you are interested in this subject, it’s a good read that explains some of the problems with this scheme and reminds us, if any such reminder were needed, that the devil is in the details. And one of these details is what to do in states in which mortgage loans provide for recourse against the borrower when the mortgage is foreclosed on but the foreclosure sale does not bring enough to cover the loan balance.
In the meantime the Internet is buzzing with news stories about this proposed scheme, although most of what is said is rather superficial. But San Bernardino County in California is apparently going ahead with this scheme, being as it got hit hard by the collapse of the “bubble.” So stay tuned and see how it turns out.
I poeti sono i precursori delle aurore bianche, la musa e l'anima dei sogni di speranza, lo spirito e la musicalità per celebrare la parola la colorazione più brillante della nostra essenza civile!
Welcome to eSD 6.0! This release includes a number of new features that are designed to support the customization of district letters, assess new student performance measures, manage student health records, and more.
Attendance Scores provide teachers with a new method for assessing student attendance and participation.
Attendance Events for Discipline Actions ensure that records related to in- and out-of-school suspensions remain synchronized.
Student Medication Details allow administrators to capture additional information in student health records.
With the release of version 6.0, districts can now easily customize the format and content of letters. The new Attendance and Discipline Letter Builders provide a variety of layouts, formatting options, and widgets. Each of the widgets provides basic configuration options, including content orientation, font, font family, font size, decoration, alignment, shading, and borders. In addition, users can leverage the available fields from the Rich Text widget for further customization of the output. Once a template has been saved, users will have the ability to generate letters for eligible students based upon the selected parameters.
With the release of version 6.0, teachers can easily represent student attendance and participation in marking period grade calculations. The new Attendance Score measure, available from Gradebook Setup, allows teachers to define a variety of grading criteria for the measure. The Attendance Roster permits teachers to enter grades for each class meeting time and student. These grades are presented within the Gradebook, and can be included in marking period calculations and shared with parents and students via the eSchoolPortals.
Version 6.0 allows district staff to easily manage in- and out-of-school suspensions and student attendance events in a single transaction. With this release, the New Discipline Action interface has been enhanced to provide new options for automatically generating attendance events when creating a record using the ISS or OSS action types. The new Create Attendance Event option allows users to seamlessly generate an attendance event for the corresponding action based on the defined duration. In addition, users can customize the reason for each event generated from this interface. Subsequent changes to the discipline action will also update the corresponding attendance event, ensuring that both records remain synced.
Health administrators can track additional student medication details with the release of version 6.0. The New Medication Log page has been enhanced to permit users to indicate the location of student medications, as well as the parties that are permitted to administer them. District staff can include these new details in the Student Medical Conditions & Alerts/Allergies Report by selecting the corresponding option.
E Sciences will be attending this years METRA Environmental Excellence Day. Please stop by our booth and say hello!
Spot on with this write-up, I seriously feel this website needs much more attention. I’ll probably be back again to read through more, thanks for the advice!
GIRL EXPRESS - Size 6 - White and Purple Plaid Button Up Singlet, Women's Fashion, Clothes on Carousell
If you're looking for a new favorite getaway, look no further than Altham. Though Altham might not have many well-known attractions, you don't need to venture far to visit Whalley Abbey and Accrington and District Golf Club. In the surrounding area, you won't want to miss out on seeing Haworth Art Gallery and Baxenden and District Golf Club.
Whether you're planning a longer vacation or a weekend getaway, Altham has accommodations to fit your needs. You can shop as many as 545 deals for Altham accommodations on Hotels.com, some with discounts of up to 40%. We have room prices starting at 12 USD per night and below you'll find the number of hotels by star rating in Altham as well as in the surrounding area:
Fly into Leeds (LBA-Leeds Bradford), 28.5 mi (45.9 km) from central Altham. Manchester (MAN) is the next closest major airport, 30.4 mi (48.8 km) away.
Hotels.com and the Hotels.com logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Hotels.com, LP in the U.S. and/or other countries. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
The NFL has suspended Cowboys defensive tackle David Irving the first four games of the season for violation of the league’s substance abuse policy, Nick Eatman of the team website reports.
A Queensland policeman has been hospitalised with a severe hand injury sustained while arresting a man.
The senior constable was making the arrest of a 29-year-old suspect in Townsville on Tuesday afternoon.
Acting Chief Superintendent Steve Munro will address the media over the incident on Tuesday amid reports the officer has lost two fingers.
Lead Learning and Development Partner with managers across the University to support capability building and ...
Job Expectations Looking for a change? How about helping to change the future of Australia? As the National Manager Tracking Research, your role ...
Our Client is Australia and New Zealand's leading provider of managed labour, staffing and training services. The ...
About the company This market leading FMCG brand is well known for their presence in the market, and their solid portfolio of products. Operating in numerous ...
Officeworks is Australia's leading retailer and supplier of office products for home, business and education and is committed to helping make bigger things ...
About the companyA new SLT has been recently been established to bring an energy, ambition and a customer focus to the business. The ...
Manage large grocery account, achieve and exceed KPI's and budgets while identifying new business opportunitiesManage and develop relationships ...
Lead the sales management function of Opal Aged Care at a National Level Exponential growth with eight new homes scheduled to launch in ...
Drive sales across Australia and New Zealand Opportunity to work with a high performing global company Fantastic salary package ...
Drive performance across a national service creating brighter futures for young peoplePlay a key role in continuous improvement, quality and ...
Travel National Sales Manager Award winning travel brandExecutive Salary PackageEstablished travel ...
Rewards & RecognitionOur Client are a leading regional food brand operating across Australia, New Zealand and Asia Pacific with a portfolio of iconic ...
Private development & asset management company Retail Shopping Centre Portfolio Lucrative Salary on offerOur client is a well ...
The Client: Our client is a global leader in Wines & Spirits market. Established more than 40 years ago our client has undergone sustained ...
About the company Our client is a global FMCG company with an a portfolio of international recognised brands. The business is driven by the values of ...
The primary focus of this role will be developing the food-service/retail channel through evaluation and key execution. With a strong emphasis on growing the ...
販売責任者：岸本　和久  ★落札後は取引メッセージにて、ご連絡しています。商品説明欄の中央に、送料を記載しています。記載のない場合は、質問でお答えします。送料の着払いは対応しておりません。★当社の送料は、梱包を委託していますので梱包料含む料金になります。★なるべく、業者（車屋さん、会社名、勤務先(福山通運　営業所止め★日曜、祝日、お盆、正月引き取りの場合、別途 ２１６円かかります)等）宛て発送にして下さい。★大型商品は、福山通運か西濃運輸で発送します。（エンジン、ミッション等は降ろせる設備のある所でお願いします。間違って発送した場合の送料は当方が負担しますが、落札者様のかかった手間、経費、時間等の負担はしません。
Participants will be brought through an overall understanding of Esco's set-up, with special attention to the products of the concerned division; feature hightlights and the target market involved.
There will also be practical testing and demonstrations of equipment, assembly & service training as well as lessons on reading diagrams, operating microprocessor controls and troubleshooting.
If you would like to request for this seminar to be conducted by Esco specialists in your facility, please click here
The Code of Interventions has been translated into English after harmonization with Eurocode 8 Part 3
Game players perform best and fastest in a computer game world lit with a warm (reddish) as compared to a cool (bluish) lighting. Red lightning in a Computer Game also induced the highest level of pleasantness in game users.
It was probably the level of pleasantness induced by the warm lighting that enhanced the players' better performance in that digital game world.
These were the results of a recent article in CyberPsychology & Behavior: Lighting in Digital Game Worlds: Effects on Affect and Play Performance
These results are important for game designers and developers of online communities and visual worlds. Nevertheless maybe in the future also for indoor lighting and even depression considering the effects on mood. Wouldn't it be nice when suffering from depression and being treated with computer games three times a day?
In experimental psychology there is some evidence that indoor lighting can have an effect on mood. The influence of indoor lighting on psychological mechanisms is complex.This study was designed to investigate the impact of warm (reddish) and cool (bluish) simulated illumination in digital game worlds on game users' affect and play performance.
38 people participated in this study (14 women and 24 men), mostly students with a mean age of 22 years. They were payed to participate 15 dollars.
The players navigated through 3 different lighted sequences of Half Life 2.The three different lighting conditions were neutral (grayish), cool (bluish), and warm (reddish). Affect ratings and game performance were outcome measures.
What we do claim is that we have made a first step toward better understanding the contribution of a specific aesthetic quality of game worlds to the patterns of feeling and response that make up the game experience
I'd never even thought of this, let alone seen any research on it. Very interesting, thanks for sharing this.
Use in an unlimited number of end products, free or commercial. May be used with different clients, but not for on-demand customization products or services. The total price includes the item price and a buyer fee.
Tags battle, battlefield, call of duty, fire, firing, gun, handgun, police, range, real, realistic, rifle, shoot, shooting, SOCOM, video game, war, weapons
Modern production values and pop/rock subtleties will keep the listener’s attention and keep them coming back for more.
Music Standard License Music Broadcast (1 Million) Music Mass Reproduction Music Broadcast (10 Million) Music Broadcast & Film
Use in one end product, free or commercial. Most web uses. 10,000 copy limit for a downloaded or physical end product. Plus up to 1 million broadcast audience. The total price includes the item price and a buyer fee.
Use in one end product, free or commercial. Most web uses. Up to 1 million broadcast audience. Plus unlimited copies of a downloaded or physical end product. The total price includes the item price and a buyer fee.
Use in one end product, free or commercial. Most web uses. Unlimited copies of a downloaded or physical end product. Plus a broadcast audience of up to 10 million. The total price includes the item price and a buyer fee.
Use in one end product, free or commercial. Most web uses. Unlimited copies of a downloaded or physical end product. Plus an unlimited broadcast audience, or a theatrically released film. The total price includes the item price and a buyer fee.
Tags achievement, adventure, affirmation, award, catwalk, challenge, competition, confidence, corporate, distorted guitars, fashion, film, focussed, hammond, indie, inspirational, inspiring, intelligent, motivating, motivational, one direction, photo shoot, pop, positive, radio, rock, running, self assured, tv, van halen
Tags advertising, background, bright, business, catchy, commercial, cool, corporate, dance, energetic, energy, fun, guitar, happy, inspirational, inspiring, joyful, modern, motivational, optimistic, party, piano, pop, positive, radio, success, summer, synth, upbeat, uplifting
Upbeat and positive energetic background pop/pop rock track, featuring catchy pop choirs, groovy drums section, piano, bells, electro guitar and lots of percussion & FX.
Perfect for corporate projects and commercials, everything with positive, joyful and smiley character.
Tags advertising, background, bright, business, cheerful, commercial, corporate, driving, energetic, fun, happy, inspirational, inspiring, joyful, kids, light, modern, motivate, motivation, motivational, optimistic, piano, pop, positive, presentation, rock, success, summer, upbeat, uplifting
Perfect as a sorrowful background music for a tragic, catastrophic, apocalyptic, dramatic, dark, despair and hopeless film score, movie, blockbuster, motion picture, underscore, short film, psychological drama, sad, fateful video, dead landscape, disaster and gloomy video, a video which depict struggles and hardships in a post-apocalyptic world, apocalyptic video about catastrophe, films about apocalypse, accident, anguish, depression, desperation, melancholy, melancholia, hurt, pain, yearning, sorrowful tragedy, flood, storm, tsunami, earthquake, fire, cruelty, war, terror, mafia, violence, brutal, dark and violent scenes, documentary, movie trailer, tragedy music soundtrack, clip, YouTube and Vimeo videos, television, TV series, social media, cinema production etc.
Tags apocalyptic, catastrophic, cinematic, dark, deep, depressed, depressive, distress, drama, dramatic, emotional, gloomy, grief, melancholic, miserable, moody, painful, sad, saddest, sadness, somber, sorrow, sorrowful, stressful, suffer, suffering, tragedy, tragedy music, tragic, tragic music
Kevin Gates - Luca Brasi 3 #FullAlbum (Triipped N Chopped By DJ tR1pL 6) #L Luca Brasi 3 #FullAlbum (Triipped N Chopped By DJ tR1pL 6) #LucaBrasi3 #Cho
Audiomack Presents: 20/20 with Krane; 20 minutes, 20 samples, one fire beat.Welcome back to 20/20, the Audiomack series where we give our favorite producers 20 minut...
Ajani Jones and Boathouse link up for a colorful and erratic new single.You can’t fake chemistry. Luckily for Ajani Jones and Boathouse, there’s no fronting necessar...
4 Beast Mode (feat. YoungBoy Never Broke Again, 21 Savage, Chris Brown, Robin Thicke, Trey Songz, Don Q & Pnb Rock) A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie4:18
· · Privacy Policy · FAQ · Support · Terms and Conditions · Licenses · Freeware · About Multi Tracks
So I was thinking about...Could I sell my mashups to djs who plays them live? There are any online services for this?
I don't own the copyright of that music, I wasn't saying I'm going to put them in official stores of course, just to "private djs".
Otherwords...does a "mashupper" (man who make mashups for artists) exists? Or it's just a story for children?
this kinda goes the direction of ghost producing, probably you have to dig that scene to find people interested in this.
A mashup (also mesh, mash up, mash-up, blend, bootleg and bastard pop/rock) is a creative work, usually in a form of a song, created by blending two or more pre-recorded songs, usually by overlaying the vocal track of one song seamlessly over the instrumental track of another.To the extent that such works are "transformative" of original content, in the United States they may find protection from copyright claims under the "fair use" doctrine of copyright law.
you don't own the right of the music used you can sell nothing online ..unless do re-edit or remix renamed them and sells them like their originals..actually this is a thing in beatport and juno
Once again, I attended PASS Summit in beautiful Seattle, WA. This was my 13th Summit, starting with 2003 and missing only 2012 since then.
This year I spoke on Friday about indexing basics. I didn’t get the count, but I think there were around 200 people in attendance. This is such an important topic for the beginners out there, so I am glad that there was a pretty good turn out. I am not sure if it is a good thing or a bad thing, but I didn’t make it to any sessions except for my own. I did attend a really good pre-con given by Allan Hirt (@sqlha) on troubleshooting AG and FCI. Allan is the man when it comes to high availability.
I also attended the keynotes and blogged live. The biggest news from Microsoft is the Azure Analysis Services. The biggest news from PASS is the new logo.
I feel honored to be chosen for the live blogging, but that also means I have to be at the conference center at 8 am on Wednesday and Thursday. Hmmmm, that makes me get back to the hotel a bit earlier than I might want to each night.
One of the biggest highlights of the week is the Women in Tech luncheon. This year we had Kelley Primus speak about leadership. She had great insights for both men and women, whether you want to be heard in your team or be the CIO. What a great session! You can catch the recording on Thursday’s videos. I even make an appearance on stage at the end.
I talked to sponsors and got my questions answered at the SQL Clinic. I met dozens of people and had some great conversations. At this point of going to Summit, the networking is the most important thing. Of course, I watch a bunch of sessions from the recordings later.
One of the biggest highlights of the week for me is karaoke with my friends. This year, we had some bad news. Our karaoke hang out, Bush Garden, is probably not going to be here next year. I’m not sure I can picture PASS Summit without it. To learn more about SQL Karaoke, check out Jason Strate’s site.
It was a wonderful week, and I am already looking forward to meeting up with data professionals from around the world in Seattle next year.
I am the editor of the online journal Simple Talk. I love talking about SQL Server to anyone who will listen, just ask my five year old granddaughter. I love to write and teach. I am so humbled and honored to say I am a Data Platform MVP, a volunteer with LaunchCode and co-leader of PASS Women in Technology Virtual Group.
Copyright © Kathi Kellenberger, 2014. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from Kathi Kellenberger is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Kathi Kellenberger and auntkathisql.com with specific direction to the original content.
Welcome to the Aurora Chorus Blog…. My name is Marie, and I am the administrative assistant here at Aurora! A little about me: I grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area, attended college at USF and then moved up to Oregon last year to be closer to family. I’ve been working with small nonprofits most of my career, beginning in volunteer coordination and working my way up to executive and administration roles. In San Francisco, I worked with an organization called Galería de la Raza, which mostly features works by Latinx and Chicanx artists, and helped me fall in love with the arts. Here in Oregon, I’ve been working at OMSI since my move! Most recently, I completed a Master’s Certificate program called Arts & Culture Strategy through the University of Pennsylvania. It taught me a lot about how to successfully run a non-profit/arts organization, which I can’t wait to apply to helping Aurora succeed! Stay tuned to Aurora’s blog for updates throughout the season.
Filed Under: Uncategorized Tagged With: arts, chorus, non-profit, oregon, performing arts, portland, singers, woman power
So, es war ein langes Warten, aber nun hat es die Newcomerin Banks aus Kalifornien doch endlich geschafft, aus ihrem bisherigen Schaffen ein ganzes Album zu basteln. Nur wenige der Albumtracks waren bis zum Erscheinen des Albums unbekannt, da etliche Songs entweder schon auf einer früheren EP vertreten waren oder aber bereits als Single ausgekoppelt wurden.
The main board on my UE32D6000 stopped working so I ordered a main board from eBay with the same code and model (BN41-01604C) from a different set, a UE32D6390SS. I switched the main boards and now the TV won't even turn on, no power LED, nothing.
I have the UE46ES6100 and i'm having an issue with NetFlix app because it doesn't recognize the Greek subs as an option. It only recognize English and Turkey subs on my tv. I have a local NetFlix provider in Greece and on a 2017 model samsung TV with the new smart hub interface (so new Netflix app as well) i can choose Greek subs normally.
Can i force install the new unify netflix app on UE46ES6100? Or can i update the samsung smart hub with the new 2016 and after interface (so i'll have automatically the new netflix app installed)
This is all that much comprehended that escorts meets with distinctive people groups ordinary and some even meets 10-20 people groups a day. Be that as it may, the young ladies who meets with uncounted numbers goes under the classification of low class call young ladies who simply work for the cash. They don't even have not any enthusiasm for your sexual fulfillment. That implies you go to the call young ladies and they simply instruct you to open your Big Dick to infuse your living being. This is another matter that now everybody knows about the issues or maladies that may stayed with you. Every one of us need to get most extreme sexual fulfillment and in that enthusiasm now and again we neglect to keep insurance or you can say precautionary measures to make it safe sex association with escorts.
In this way, the most ideal approach to dispose of the contemplations of the difficult issues you have to consider it important. In this way, to make it away you need to receive few security precautionary measures , you can get condoms with you however more often than not call young ladies way to deal with offer their own particular insurances for their wellbeing likewise in light of the fact that individuals who incidentally interface with escorts might have tainted. Whether you are with a call young lady in Kolkata or with Escorts in Kolkata, keep your own particular marked safety measures stuff with you. Never trust some other individual for anything as it might be of low quality and can't secure you for whatever length of time that you need.
For your rehash landings to their escort organization these folks accept to give refined escorts administrations and client comes back over and over. Another pre-wellbeing ethic is to contact just the approved escorts suppliers or with the organizations who has their own particular administration level of value. Since rumored escort organizations routinely do wellbeing checkups of soundness of their darlings from related specialists.
The greater part of the angels at these first class escort suppliers in Kolkata have their lovely and amiable motivations to select. The unwinding and genuine feelings of serenity they give no some other escorts can offer you. The best illustrations of completely validated escort administrations are the young ladies which speak to Kolkata escorts administrations under the marked suppliers. This happens as a result of the trust and confirmed young ladies that work for them. You can take any sort of position and they do it with energetic way. You can undoubtedly ensure that you are with a sheltered escort young lady and she will likewise never request their own particular insurances. More over they don't even bashful to acknowledge your offerings.
According to a report by CNBC, Amazon may be gearing up to reveal up to eight new Alexa devices before the end of this year.
As well as a microwave and the in-car gadget, the new product line up is thought to include an amplifier, receiver, and subwoofer.
Some of the devices will have Alexa built-in, while the others will pair to other Alexa-controlled devices. The new devices will help realize Amazon's ambition of making Alexa ubiquitous in the customer's home and in their vehicle. Now, it seems Amazon is hoping to take things a step further with a clutch of new devices. Garmin, too, has an Alexa-compatible dash cam that be used in a vehicle.
The world could have an Alexa-enabled microwave before 2018 is finished-yes, a microwave. Now, just a few years later, consumers have embraced other Alexa-enabled household devices including smart thermostats, TVs, door locks, vacuums, and security cameras.
Should we expect to see Amazon try to make more home devices smart? The company is reported to be working on a secretive home robot, as well, according to Bloomberg. If CNBC's report is correct, it's clear that Amazon wants some of those products to be under its own umbrella even if that means expanding into new categories like kitchen appliances.
Both Home and Echo are continually listening for commands, though Google and Amazon say nothing gets passed back to them until the speakers hear a keyword - "OK, Google" for Home and "Alexa" for Echo.
Amazon Echo relies on Microsoft's Bing search engine and Wikipedia, while Google Home uses the company's own Google Search. It uses voice, touch, and motion controls, so all you need to do is tap its screen and talk to check the weather, hear the news, or play music. Amazon is targeting customers where they feel most comfortable and spend the most time-at home and in their cars.
Thandie Newton's excellent turn in Westworld is finally celebrated with the Outstanding Supporting Actress trophy. The drama grabbed three prizes this year, all handed out earlier this month at the Creative Arts awards.
I believe that, but maybe it's best for Brown not to talk about trades or being traded next time around so we don't get confused. Brown's absence speaks to the extreme dysfunction taking place in Pittsburgh.
The banking industry was saddled with bad loans - called non-performing assets in banking parlance - of Rs 8.50 lakh crore. This is the third major restructuring in the public sector banking space undertaken by this government.
He said the decision to end the series now was up to showrunners David Benioff and D.B. Game of Thrones star Peter Dinklage won his third Emmy at last night's awards.
The 10 men got a fourth goal when Suarez picked out Messi , who guided the ball past goalkeeper Jeroen Zoet from 15 yards. Dembele would double the hosts' lead in the 74th minute, scoring on a brilliant individual play .
Read: Canada has legalised marijuana, could South Africa follow suit? Globally, the legal status of cannabis varies widely. Marijuana advocates and members of South Africa's Rastafarian community went into wild jubilation after the judgment.
They have asked that the FBI conduct an investigation, a request that Republicans have rebuffed. Some Democrats raised questions about whether Grassley's planned hearings were sufficient.
They were among 300 tariff lines scrubbed from the preliminary list released in July, one of the officials said. The lower Chinese figure highlights Beijing's inability to match the USA dollar-for-dollar in a tariffs war.
She wouldn't claim the " Captain Marvel " mantle until years later, long after Mar-Vell had died of cancer. The tension-filled trailer ends with Captain Marvel saying: 'I'm not what you think I am'.
And now, thanks to Roseanne herself, we know how the character is set to die - an opioid overdose. ABC has yet to comment on how they will handle Barr's character's death.
Motivating children to eat an all around adjusted eating regimen can be a test for any parent—however guaranteeing great nourishment for youngsters with autism can be especially troublesome. Between tangible sensitivities, evasion of specific tastes, scents, and surfaces, and a more serious requirement for structure and schedule, making mealtime nutritious and quiet for the whole family can feel like a staggering assignment. All the more critically, issue eating practices can keep youngsters with a mental imbalance from getting the supplements they require and fuel their side effects. There are a lot of things that guardians can do at home to enable their youngsters to defeat nourishment repugnances, get enough vitamins and minerals, and model legitimate conduct at mealtime.
Of imperative significance in the treatment of autism, is early finding which is helpful for all the more quickly enhancing the nature of patients' wellbeing. It is trusted that both hereditary and natural variables may influence the improvement of the malady. In addition, master feeling stresses the significance of influencing a sufficient finding when the principal manifestations of extreme introvertedness to begin showing up which can be both mental, gastro-intestinal and metabolic ones. Regular treatment depends on the blend of conduct and dietary treatment together with pharmacotherapy. For instance, adjusting a proper eating routine could help ease the illness seriousness, and in addition the mental and gastrointestinal manifestations. Much logical research has demonstrated that pathogenesis of a mental imbalance may have a starting as of now in fetal life. Amid pregnancy, experts should take unique notice of metabolic issue, which can build the hazard of ASD in youngsters. One of the dietician's assignments are to legitimately survey the nourishing status of moms previously and amid pregnancy, in this manner enabling changes in sustenance to be made wherever important all together that metabolic markers be made strides. Subsequently an essential piece of extreme introvertedness treatment is the enhancing patient's nutritious status to keep the beginning of gastrointestinal side effects. Receiving eating regimens and custom fitted to singular sickness side effects, is connected to the nutritious prerequisites and nourishment inclinations of the patient. Authorities likewise accentuate that nonstop checking of the eating regimen and wholesome status of kids with ASD is required. It is additionally basic to begin sufficient nutrition administration in extremely introverted patients with overweight, heftiness or squandering, caused by ill-advised nourishment.
Much of the time just a dietary treatment is deficient to adequately treat autism. Numerous examinations exhibit the need to supplement the nutritious insufficiencies of extremely introverted patients with unsaturated fats omega-3, probiotics, vitamins and minerals in mix with medicinal and mental intercessions. A legitimately composed disposal eating routine adjusted to the patient's individual may likewise prompt alleviation of the a mental imbalance indications and the event of gastrointestinal issue. Guardians and parental figures ought to in this manner know about the advantages of healthful treatment and requirement for legitimate observing the treatment of patients with ASD. A survey of nourishing variables, dietary medicines and eating routine supplementation in patients with ASD is introduced.
Utilizing eye to eye connection is a vital nonverbal correspondence conduct that the greater part of us utilize consequently in social communications. In any case, as you portray, looking at others can be
Autism is a naturally occurring disorder caused by different processes of the brain and nervous system. Meaning of autism be introverted. Autistic children, experience social communication problems. SOCIAL BEHAVIORS Autistic children do not
Firma Auto Plus powstała we wrześniu 1997 roku. Na początku działalności wiodącymi markami pozostawały Volkswagen i Audi. W 2005 poszerzyliśmy naszą ofertę o markę - Opel. W 2012 dołożyliśmy kolejne dwie marki - Ford oraz BMW. Od początku działalności przyświecała nam zasada - 100% dostępnych części do każdej z oferowanych marek. Nie ma znaczenia, że niektóre części dostępne są jedynie w oryginale, w ASO danej marki. U nas jest to jedynie kwestią terminu.
rent garages near me norwich,portable garages rent to own provce spahousesnet buying and renting from the council,garage to rent norwich gumtree rental garages near me for chatham kent ,private garages for rent near me newn rental sydney car,renting garages rgr rental to rent dover kent ,garages rent manchester al portable to own renting from the council,renting garages buildings rent to own gillingham kent ,garages rent manchester buildings to own wv towns for nh,rent to own garages near me f renting from the council buildings wv, rental garages for sale car to rent middleton manchester.
Hi guys... I'm feeling a wee bit under the weather with a few nasty flu symptoms this morning. All I want to do today is huddle up on the sofa with a cosy blanket and a big mug of honey, lemon and ginger... maybe watch a few films while crocheting something lovley...
Awww, poor you! Hope you feel better soon, but thanks for sharing all of these lovely blankets! Inspired!
If any consolation Emma, my daughter had this last week and she felt much better after three days of lying on the couch watching Murder She Wrote on tv.! Get well soon x
Hope you feel better soon! Your blog the other day that had the new water pitcher really inspired me. I love the new Granny Chic style. Because of that blog, I'm going antique shopping today with my hubby. We are looking for a pitcher similar to yours and some salt dips for my new collection interest. Visit me Tuesday at www.mamawsplace4.blogspot.com to see what I find. I love your blog. I sent my sister to it Saturday and she fell in love with it as well. I live in Tennessee, USA and she lives in West Virginia, USA. Thanks for all the beautiful things you show on your blog. I hope you feel better soon.
dear Emma, I hope you feel better soon here are some ((( get-well wishes ))) across the Channel for a speedy recovery x
I've had a nasty cold for 2 weeks now my nose has turned just as bright as Rudolph the Reindeer :( there has been lots of viruses in the air this Spring despite the wonderful weather...
lovely blankets!!! i hope you feel better-no fun being sick this time of year, but a day on the couch sounds kind of nice :), especially crocheting and watching movies!
And, Emma, color your Monday healthy! xo I hope that you feel better by the time that you read this.
Lovely bright colours! Hope you feel better soon.I am also ill today with a stomach bug, so I know how you feel !
@ELP ~ Thank you for your comments but the beautiful work in these pictures does not belong to me... please see the image links for the original source and owners of these images. Thank you... :) x
We fought and killed the rest of the orcs and the ogre in the mine. It turned out to be a relatively easy fight after all. Having a number of them on the lower levels of the mine to start with made it easier to fight them a few at a time.
Unfortunately, we weren’t done – more were coming down the mineshaft toward us, so we weren’t done fighting for our lives. This time almost a dozen orcs and two more ogres were coming. The orcs were relatively easy to dispatch, but the ogres proved a tougher fight. To make things worse, these were followed by handful of barbarian ogres.
These last four ogres proved to be much tougher than the normal ones. We were hard pressed to fight these off, and in the narrow passage it was hard to get into good positioning with Hado.
Our wizard Winna was out of spells with any range to them and it took her a long time to get back around to where the fight was. Ceri was in a similar position and on her way around the mine to get to the fight at the shaft; she got distracted by some movement on the mine floor.
Just about the time Piper cast her final healing spells for the day, we dispatched all but one ogre. The final one fled back down the shaft, and we let him go. I know tactically it was a mistake, but they were much faster than us, and we were all injured too badly to continue the fight, especially if the ogre was going to summon help.
To add to our complications, Ceri had found a pit in the mine floor with a prisoner inside. She helped him escape – a dwarf named Dolus is now one of our party. He is thin and sickly looking for a dwarf. He says he was a prisoner for a very long time, maybe even months; he’s not even sure himself how long.
First we grabbed the dwarven weapons and armor off the tables of residium deposit that were laid out in the mine area. There was also a beaker there which Dolus took and drank from. The ale inside turned out to be beneficial and he found himself slightly healed.
Giving a cursory search of the mine area we found barrels of alchemist fire makings. Without proper materials and training to make actual flasks of the stuff, we decided to burn it so it couldn’t be used against us. Everyone else retreated to the tunnel and I made a trail of the stuff leading to the barrels. I set the trail on fire and ran. It made quite the series of explosions.
We shored up the rocks at the opening, hoping the orcs and ogres wouldn’t notice they’d been disturbed. We rested up for a day so Piper, WInna and Ceri could recover spells. Piper still had some healing to do the next day, but not enough to deplete her seriously. We fed our new companion Dolus as much as we could without making him sick.
He donned the breastplate from the mine and Piper gave him her spare magical mace. Too bad we don’t have a shield for him too, but he seems to like the idea of wielding the mace with two hands, so maybe he wouldn’t want a shield anyway.
Dolus told us a little of his tale as well. He’s from a dwarven clan far from this area. He’d been hired as a caravan guard for the same group that Fundin’s uncle was part of. He was there when Fundin’s uncle was slain and the clan axe was taken by the orcs. He actually faced what sounded like the leader of the orcs and an orc wizard during the fight to save the caravan. Apparently, he had been knocked out during the fight. When it was over, he and others had been taken prisoner. Dolus is apparently the last remaining prisoner. He wasn’t clear on what happened to the others, only that he was the last of the group.
The next day, after everyone was rested and ready to go back, we removed the rocks again and peered into utter darkness. The mine was abandoned, the lights all extinguished. We crept out and investigated the area. We could hear sounds coming from down the mine shaft, but were unable to make out exactly what those sounds were or what they meant. The bodies of the fallen orcs and ogres were all gone. We should have searched them before we left, but at the moment we were fleeing the mine area, we hadn’t thought we had the time.
We decided to go up the north tunnel from the mine. This was another blocked shaft like the one we came in by. Dolus seemed to think it might lead into the orc tunnels by another route. We decided to trust his dwarven mountain and tunnel sense. The passage led to some unusual worked stone – even Dolus and Fundin seemed a little confused by its workmanship. Ceri and Piper seemed to think magic might have been used to form the walls here.
As we were exploring, following the tunnel along it’s singular direction, we found what looked like a digging off to the side of the passage. While we were passing it by, a spectre came out of this side tunnel. It reached out and touched Piper. She screamed and turned a little grey in the face for a moment… It actually drained her of life force! She tried to send it back to where it came from, but it resisted the power of Pelor. Piper pulled out the mace she’d found in the tomb and swung it, striking the spectre squarely. Now was it’s turn to scream as it seemed to simply dissipate when the mace hit it. We knew the mace had special powers against undead but this was the first time we’d seen it in real action. Spectacular!
Piper didn’t feel so good, but said she was okay to continue on. We started finding bones of dwarves in the passages too… who they might have been we had no idea. The bones were picked completely clean in every case though. We found another chamber with a dwarf skeleton in it… but the room looked shimmery and wet, like it was underwater. Piper stuck the tip of her mace into it to see if it was actually a wall of water like it looked like. She had to fight to get her mace out of the stuff and then it moved… a entire cube of clear water-like jelly – it tried to engulf Piper and we all ran. As we ran, we peppered it with sling bullets, magic missiles and crossbow bolts, the physical projectiles all flaming thanks to Ceri. The thing finally collapsed into a pile of goo on the floor of the tunnel.
We found a bone scroll case and some 40 gold or so in among the goo. Piper says the scroll inside the case contains ‘detect evil’ and ‘obscuring mist’ spells for clerics. Maybe these will turn out to be useful in the future.
We moved further into the caves. We found a few coins in a pool of water, but left them alone to search beyond into the next cavern. There was a dead body there, kneeling before a chest. Hado went to check out the chest, but the chest attacked him, grappling him with a sticky substance. Three critical attacks later (by Fundin, Anders and myself), and the chest collapsed into a formless goo.
Ceri prestidigitated the goo away from Hado and the small treasure the creature had just a few pieces of gold and a small piece of quartz. This cavern dead-ended here, so we went back to the pool and I swam down to collect a small amount of gold and a valuable looking piece of black opal.
We moved on a bit and found a place where we had to turn either right or left, no more continuing on the direction we thought we should be going. We decided to check out the right passage first. A stone-like creature came at us, roaring. As it turns out, the roar was not for naught. Just as we killed the creature, three more came out from the left passage. We killed one of them, but the last one got away.
We searched the left passage and found some coins, gems, weapons and a wand. With a little checking we determined that the longbow was a strength bow of probably +3 or +4. The short bow looks to be masterwork. We also found a small pouch with masterwork thieves’ tools, which we gave to Ceri – now all three of us have some (me, Ceri and Hado). After our search, we took the right passage and found a cavern blocked with rocks at one end. Beyond the rocks, we were able to make out what looked like an active mine with orcs and at least one ogre. There is a table with weapons and armor – are these the dwarf made weapons we’re looking for information about?
We watched and moved stones quietly for a while, then Hado and I went invisible (thanks to Winna) and silent (thanks to Piper) to reconnoiter. The silence wore off quickly. We snuck up on and killed one orc, after two hits from me. Hado got a good shot off at another of the orcs while I whistled for the rest of the party.
Winna magic missiled the ogre. I grabbed Hado and dropped him on one side of the ogre and tumbled to land on the other side. Hado’s sneak attack staggered the ogre. He was barely on his feet and made the mistake of trying to attack Hado. The ogre missed and dropped unconscious from the effort.
Everyone else let loose with arrows except Winna who moved into position and lightning bolted two of the orcs, killing them both. We were left with just about 4 orcs or so left to fight, but as we saw earlier while observing, there is an ogre with a cart who comes for ore regularly, so reinforcements can be arriving at any time.
The only ore we saw here is something called Residium – stone that has absorbed magical energy through exposure somehow. Other than a few outcroppings of the stuff, the mine looks played out.
We found a bone scroll case and some 40 gold or so in among the goo. Piper says the scroll inside the case contains ‘detect evil’ and ‘obscuring mist’ spells for clerics. Maybe these will turn out to be useful in the future.Yuri’s Journal 4/8/12
Hado and I observed the activity around the mine for a bit, then returned with the news of 90-100 orcs plus bigger things as well as one smaller guy. We decided to take advantage of the hole in their surveillance and move further in towards the mines, perhaps to look for another way in.
We passed tracks, which Anders identified as belonging to ogres, orcs, goblins, gnolls.. and also something reptilian.
We obviously weren’t scouting ahead well enough because we got ambushed by four ogres. We killed one and healed the rest to stability. We woke one of them and he claimed the mountains for his kind, promising more ogres and others will come. He refused to tell us more. We woke a second one, who either wouldn’t or couldn’t speak common so I killed the first one in front of him. HE still wouldn’t talk.
We woke the third one who obliged us by being a bit more talkative than the first two. He said they were getting weapons from the mine. The bossman there isn’t an orc, ogre, human, Halfling, gnome or dwarf – he’s not sure exactly what the bossman is, but he’s scaly without having horns. The bossman and the head orc both have axes resembling Fundin’s missing heirloom. He also told us that it is a dwarf who is bringing the weapons to the mine, but he didn’t know from where. He also told us that there was a big feast planned for that night.
We searched the ogres’ bodies and found a lot of gold and gems. While it seems such a small thing, I’m glad we found something on them. I don’t know how the others are doing on gold, but I would like more cash on hand. I’d like to find a way to improve my defenses and magic isn’t cheap.
We found a hidden place to camp for the night. Our ogre prisoner broke his bonds and attacked Fundin. We knocked him unconscious again and kept him that way.
Many orcs, plus all of the goblins, gnolls and ogres left the day after the big feast. That left only the tribe that actually lives here in the mine.
We decided to leave the unconscious ogre with the horses and Anders’ wolf to guard them all. Piper made sure the ogre was force fed some water before we left to keep him alive. Then we began to search for an opening into what we hoped would be the caverns that led to the mines.
Eventually we did find an opening and Ceri climbed down to check it out. The rest of us followed once Ceri determined it was safe. We traveled a bit and found a chasm with giant centipedes in it. We killed 8 of them. No more attacked, I hope we don’t run into more of them. They died easily but their poison could be devastating if one succumbed to it.
We got across the chasm using grappling hooks and ropes… it wasn’t easy, and I hope we don’t have to come back this same way – it will be slow going and could be dangerous if we’re being followed or chased.
We had to set new watches with so many new folks in our party, but it’s good to have more friends traveling with us. Our very first night on the road, we were camped on the side of the roadway, with trees surrounding our campsite. During 3rd watch, Winna, Fundin and Hado thought they heard something in the trees and woke the rest of us. We waited til we were sure of the direction and distance of the sounds and I shot out a bullet with daylight on it. What we saw was such a surprise. It was a huge skeleton, far bigger than any man with an enormous Morningstar. Fundin threw an entangle field around it and we tried hitting it with various magical and ranged attacks. It took damage from Winna’s lightning bolts and my sling bullets but it didn’t seem much slowed by the entangle field. When it got to the edge of the field, we moved up to attack it. Piper cast a spell to make us all a little more resistant to damage and easier for us to hit, and Winna enlarged me to the size of a small giant. Ceri sang the song of fiery death to improve the damage we could do to this creature. The skeleton got a good solid hit in on me. It hurt a lot – I thought it was going to kill me, but thanks to Piper’s spell, I was still alive, but barely. Piper tried to turn the creature, but was unable to affect it. We were in real trouble here. Piper healed me and I stayed to help the others attack the creature. My weapons weren’t really successful at getting through to this creature, but the fire damage did affect it. It almost killed Anders’ new wolf friend before turning back to me again. If Ceri hadn’t gotten a good strong bite attack in on it that destroyed it, we could have been in a real lot of trouble. Piper healed the wolf, Anders, and me some more too before we were through for the night. The skeleton turned out to be that of a cloud giant. Who or what could have raised such a thing to wander the countryside?
The next day during our lunch break we were attacked by three zombie bugbears. This time, Piper did manage to destroy them with Pelor’s assistance.
We finally got off the main road and started moving on a smaller, long-unused road. Under cover of trees, I finally shared the secret of my wings and ability to fly with the newcomers. I didn’t want to surprise them in the middle of combat if I needed to take to the air. It felt good to have my wings free even if only for a few minutes. I wish I didn’t need to wear this cloak all the time.
That night we camped and again were disturbed on third watch. This time it turned out be an animated brazier. Winna adopted it and vice versa. She has a new friend. The way she treated it was actually rather cute. I’m sure as a wizard, she can put it to good use, but I wonder who or what created such a thing and left it around to wander on its own. I hope not the wizard who has been raising these undead creatures.
We spent two days of uneventful travel. Actually it was rather a relief to avoid encounters for a while. On the third day, we spotted orc tracks near a ravine. Anders said they were relatively old and not to worry about them – but they probably mean we are headed in the right direction.
Two more days passed and we found more orc tracks – these were headed further into the hills. Fundin pulled some maps out of cases he was carrying. He showed us that we were headed in the general direction of three abandoned mines. The orc tracks were also headed in the same direction. The map showed that if we stayed on this road, we would eventually reach all 3 of the abandoned mines.
On the next day, we spotted an orc watcher on a ridge. Hado and I snuck up to the ridge… a long slow process because we were trying so hard not to be seen or heard. Finally we made it to the slope up to the ridge. While we were climbing the slope, we made a little too much noise, and the orc spotted us. I threw off my cloak and flew up to the top and grappled him before he could light the signal fire on the ridge. Hado finished climbing up and stabbed the orc, killing him.
Unfortunately, even though we prevented him from lighting the signal fire, we couldn’t avoid making noise during the scuffle. Hado and I spotted a mine opening higher up to the north with a wisp of smoke rising up nearby it. There were a lot of orcs milling about outside the mine opening. Did they see or hear us kill their scout?
In the morning I got up early to say goodbye to the caravan, then wandered the marketplace for a while. I overheard something about small thefts at the warehouse in the gate ward. The merchants seem to think there is some kind of gate or portal in there because the warehouse has been too well-guarded for thieves and missing stuff is too small for really determined thieves. Also, there are rumors circulating that Imperial ogres are scouring the southern desert for slaves. I need to tell Ceri about this as it might concern her and her people. I returned to Rondal’s.
Ceri received a summons to appear at the lore guild an hour past noon today. Fundin came in and told us he wants to host dinner for us and 2 other folks tonight at Rondal’s. Good for us anyway! Ceri will tell Piper about it on her way to the Lore guild so Piper will know not to be late for dinner. I told Ceri about the ogres in the desert but she didn’t seem at all concerned. She said her people could disappear into the desert and not be seen if they didn’t want to be.
Later in the street, Ceri got attacked with Dragonbane powder. It made her afraid and she ran away from her attacker. By the time she recovered and returned, the guy who threw the powder was gone. She thinks the mean gate guard was behind the attack, though we have no proof of that. When time came for her to go to the lore guild, I escorted her to the gate to make sure she arrived safely.
When Ceri returned, she informed us that she was now a member of the lore guild. She had to pay a 100gp fee to join, but she can now come and go in the city as she pleases with her papers and/or her new cloak of office.
She performed her new song for us when she got back. It was very funny. I’m sure it will be well-received by all except maybe the bad gate guard and his bully boys.
A message arrived for me from the lore guild simply saying “appear at your convenience”. This sounded promising and I was hopeful that I would at least get an audience with Grirdil.
On the way there, while still in the marketplace, I spotted a guy in a brown cloak watching us, esp. Ceri. I snuck up on him and he tried to leave. I followed and hit him my tanglefoot bag. Ceri said it didn’t quite sound like the guy who attacked her but sorta kinda, like maybe someone related to him? Anyway, we left him in the street to get the goo off himself and with a warning to leave us alone.
Ceri and I went on to the lore guild, and I went in to see the same female dwarf I’d seen before. There was a military looking dwarf in civilian clothes there with her, watching her the whole time. She seemed to be choosing her words very carefully as she spoke to me. Basically she said that Hammerfast had tenuous relations with the Empire and can’t help me at the present time, but perhaps in the future. That last comment got a disapproving look from the military-looking fellow.
I left on a much more somber note than I arrived on. Ceri and I went to the Black Cat, then on to Craft Way – I needed a new tanglefoot bag and Ceri wants some kind of anti-toxin in case she’s attacked with that strange dragonbane powder again.
Ariel, the proprietor of the the apothecary shop said she hadn’t sold any dragonbane powder lately. The only other ones who might sell the stuff are an old man and his apprentice in the marketplace or a master at the craft guild. These are the only 4 people in the city with the knowledge of how to turn dragonbane into an attack powder. I bought my tanglefoot bag and we returned to Rondal’s.
Fundin arrived with Hado Banksi, a Halfling rogue-looking sort, and Winna, an elven tattooed wizard, mentored by someone named Amror. We had dinner and talked some about the potential adventure to retrieve Fundin’s family heirloom. After dinner we went upstairs to talk more in private about what we each do, but I didn’t tell them about the wings or the Imperial tattoos.
Later we all went to the Foundation Stone so Ceri could play her new song. Someone left as soon as we came in. I was pretty sure we needed to watch out for ambushes on our way back to Rondal’s. Maybe I’m just getting paranoid. A fight broke out in the Stone, and a pair of bouncers make them settle their differences over the Giant’s Foot pit. It was all very entertaining.
Tras came in while Ceri was playing her song about him. He had two humans and a dwarf with him – the the two humans looked alike enough to be brothers. One of them was the guy I’d tangled up at the market, making the other possibly the one who assaulted Ceri since the voices were similar. All four were rude, crude and surly. When we tried to leave, he challenged me to a game of Giant’s Foot. I was almost drunk enough to accept, but Ceri talked me out of it.
The next day, Ceri went ot eh lore guild for research and Piper for one final day of work for the temple of Pelor. I hung around Rondal’s and visited the herbalist in the marketplace. He said he sold dragonbane powder to Tras a few months ago and that the stuff will keep that long. I bought 10 sticks of cinnamon, as well as rations for myself and my horse for the adventure to come.
The following day, we bid farewell to Rondal’s, picked up our horses, settled our stable bills and left. After leaving the city, we met Anders’ new friend who he’s been spending time with outside the city while we were busy with affairs in the city. His new friend is a large black wolf. Awesome.
The dwarven lad woke me early, so Piper is off the hook, though I have no way of telling her. She’ll just end up waking Anders I guess. I got a quick day-old breakfast from the cook and headed toward the gates.
There was a line at the gates – they apparently don’t open until dawn, so I waited my turn to go through, then ran for the lore guild. There was already a line at the guild as well and there were almost a dozen waiting before me. I realized while I waited that I’d forgotten all about the clothes that I had ordered yesterday. Maybe the others will remember and pick them up for me. Otherwise I’m sure I can get them tomorrow – to who else are they going to sell a custom-made shirt designed to accommodate wings?
Piper is supposed to work at the temple today, but I have no idea what Ceri and Anders have planned for the day.
I talked to a lot of the people waiting with me, and overheard others talking as well and learned a lot of interesting things during my wait:
•	A few months ago, a fisherman caught a sack of coins. One hooked a magical helmet, one caught a silver skull.. maybe these items washed out of an old tomb?
Finally at mid-day, I was called. I saw a female dwarf who asked why I wanted to see Grirdil. I explained, and showed her my tattoos. I had to admit that I was probably being actively sought by my owner and also told her I’d had the tattoos since childhood. She said I would hear from them “later”.
I made my way back to the gate ward and checked on my clothing. Ceri it seems had already picked up my new clothes.
I went back to the inn for an afternoon nap. Some dwarves from our caravan were there eating. They said the caravan was returning to Laskon tomorrow or the next day. We wished each other luck.
The food at the Arcane Star was VERY good, and very expensive. Animated instruments floated on the ceiling and played music while we ate.
Ceri said the tunnel in the alley had a new seal on it so after dinner we went to see the seal, and find out what it said – Anders reads Dwarvish. It apparently said something on the order of ‘closed by the City Council, sealed on pain of death.’
Next we went to the Foundation Stone where we found Dogrund hiring guards for the caravan’s return to Laskon tomorrow morning. I had a little chat with him about keeping my wings a secret. He already talked to his staff about it and understands completely.
The next day, Ceri and I bought fishing gear at the market and went fishing. It was pretty easy. We both caught a couple of fish… between the two of us – enough fish for us and Anders to have lunch. We saw no sign of any outlet for the tunnel in the alley. The cook at Rondalls cooked our fish for us and kept the rest for stew parts.
After lunch we bought tickets for the theater – a box for all of us to share. We sent a message to Piper to meet us at the Coach and Pony for dinner.
Come time for dinner, we headed to the Main Gate. The human guard in charge there took our ticket and tore it up, saying it was no good. This was the same guard who earlier had give Ceri some dirty looks. We went to the west gate and lodged a formal complaint with the guard there, then sent word to Piper that we wouldn’t be joining her after all and to return to the Gate Ward.
When Piper got back, we all ate at Rondal’s. We did find out the nasty human gate guard named Tras did not like Dragonborn and thought Ceri was one of them. He wouldn’t be on duty tomorrow night so we will buy more tickets tomorrow in the market. He lives in the Gate Ward area – probably at the garrison, so we should be cautious.
The next day we did indeed buy tickets for the play, but boxes were sold out, so we had to buy tickets for the balcony. Oh well. Still should be fun. Ceri spent the day writing a nasty song about Tras.
In the evening, we headed to the Coach and Pony for dinner and had no problem getting through the gate. The C&P was crowded, so we had to wait a little while, but we eventually got a table. Taras, the Eldarin bard, was playing at the C&P that night. The food was incredible and SO expensive. We split the bill – it was too much for any one person at this place.
The play – The Axe of the Dwarven Lords – was exciting and fun – lots of action and drama and special effects. The walk back to the inn was uneventful, though we were really hoping to see a ghost or something.
Back at Rondall’s we paid for another three days at the inn for each of us. The next day was very quiet. Ceri worked on her song, with help from Taras, who came to visit her after lunch.
The following day was Monday and Ceri’s audition. Piper went back to work at the temple. I went looking for Fundin, the scarred dwarf. I found him at the outfitter’s shop. We went back to Rondal’s together and talked.
Apparently last year a caravan from High Peak was attacked by orcs. Fundin’s brother, and leader of his clan, was slain, and the battleaxe that was not only a family heirloom but the sign of clan leadership, was stolen. Without the axe, Fundin doesn’t have clear claim to the title and is being challenged by cousins for leadership of the clan. The orcs seem to have retreated into the mountains near Summerdown Valley. This was the place we had heard of in relation to Stravella, who calls herself Queen of Winter’s Mourning. I wonder if these orcs work for her. I hope not.
When Ceri returned from her audition, she said she had to wait for the results. I filled her in on all Fundin had told me.
Yuri headed off early to see the mage. I slept in till about 8 got some food and wondered around. I went to the alley to see if anything was going on. No one was around I played badly on the corner for awhile then went down the alley. There was a puddle of wax and a metal seal with dwarfish writing. I figure it must say keep out.
I picked up my clothes and Yuri’s from the shop keeper. I found out along the way that you could get tickets for the music hall here in the gate yard. I really want to see a play. I decided to have lunch at the Arcane Star. The food was very good and the place was nice. It had no stage so I asked if they had a Bard. The owner said his wife could make instruments play themselves. I had to see that so I made reservations for the four of us an hour after sun down. We all met up back at the inn and went out to dinner (my treat) it was a very nice evening. Later Anders came with us to look at the seal (he can read Dwarven) He said it said by order of the council don’t break this seal on pain of death. Darn Dwarves are too serious.
The next day Yuri and I decided to see if we could look for the opposite end of the tunnel. I figured if it was a bolt hole maybe it came out outside the city walls down by the river. Yuri had heard that there was good fishing on the Rushing River. So we got some poles and some really stinky bait. On our way out of the gate a human guard gave me a dirt look. Yuri didn’t like it and had word with him. I tried to laugh it off but it bothered me a bit. We had no luck finding a spot to fish out the north gate so we tried the other side of the gate yard. Here the going was difficult but we got to a good spot and caught some fish. Yuri did better than me. We looked around some more for the tunnel but didn’t find anything. We headed back with the fish. Yuri sweet talked the kitchen into fix us some fish for lunch. Yum
We purchased tickets for the night performance at the Music Hall (The Axe of the Dwarvish Lords). We sent a runner to tell Piper to meet us at the Cart and Pony. Just before night fall we went to the gate and showed our ticket. The priggish human guard was there again. He torn up the ticket and wouldn’t let us in town. We went to the West gate and filed a formal report with the guard there. Boy am I mad. I’m going to write a song that people will sing forever. We this stupid guard as the patsy. We sent a message for Piper to come on back to the inn. Yuri insisted on standing by the gate until she got there. We spent a boring night back at the inn.
The next day we got another set of tickets for the play. They didn’t have a box this time so we got seats in the balcony. The stupid guard wasn’t on guard tonight so we got in ok. We went to the Cart and Pony for dinner. It very very good. The elven bard I had met before was at the bar playing. I asked him if he would help me writing the song to zing the guard. He said he would as long as it was anonymous.
On Sunday I laid low and worked on my song the bard came and helped on it too. I think it will be popular.
Database Management Systems has quickly become one of the leading .. contact Raghu Ramakrishnan at Wisconsin or Johannes .. you can request a FREE SAMPLE .
Governments around the world encourage people to go for insurance. This way, they help the dependents live a normal life despite the demise of the concerning person. Prima facie, they are doing a good work by insuring people against any untoward incident..
. Policy owner and the insured person Do keep in mind that the insured and the policy owner can be the same person or two different persons depending on the situation. In simple words, the person who pays the premiums is the policy owner while the person who is covered by the policy is the insured person. This is why most of the employees, entrepreneurs, directors, CEOs and businessmen hire tax and insurance experts. Most of the life insurance policies do not cover deaths due to man-made events. The other type of policy is bought from an investment perspective. You can do the research by yourself or consult an expert to find the best life insurance policy. Doit-on abandonner toute idÃƒÂ©e d amour et de tendresse aprÃƒÂ¨s 50 ans pour ÃƒÂ©viter de se sentir coupable. Types of insurance policies Though there are many types of life insurance policies available on the market, most of them can be broadly classified into two categories. Rencontres Coquines Seniors fait partie du Infinite Connections rÃƒÂ©seau de rencontre contenant de nombreux sites gÃƒÂ©nÃƒÂ©ralistes et senior sites de rencontre. One is for the sole purpose of protection so that the dependents of a person can be supported after the demise of the insured person. There is an accumulation of money in these types of policies and there is a minimum sum assured to the beneficiary at the maturity of the policy. Pseudo: J accepte les Conditions de Service et la Politique de ConfidentialitÃƒÂ©. There are different schools of thought regarding the utility and effectiveness of insurance policies. ..
Born in Los Angeles on June 2, 1978, Cox expressed an interest in show business at age four. She was discovered by a prominent dance agent while taking dance classes, which led to her professional debut in the comedy film Mac and Me (1988). Dancing temporarily held center stage with appearances in Michael Jackson's Moonwalker (1988); a Los Angeles Music Center Ballet Tour; The Joffrey Ballet; Paula Abdul's video "Forever Your Girl"; "The MTV Awards" and "The Arsenio Hall Show" (1989). At age 10, Cox won her first speaking part in a guest-starring role in "Mama's Family" (1983). Her other television credits included "Star Trek: The Next Generation" (1987), "Night Court" (1984), "Murphy Brown" (1988), "Baywatch" (1989) and "Boy Meets World" (1993). Cox also had starring roles in The Ryan White Story (1989) (TV) and the sci-fi thriller Danger Island (1992) (TV) - both television movies. She was also a series regular on NBC's "Someone Like Me" (1994/I). On the big screen, Cox was featured in the box-office hit Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991) and played Gina Cates, Jagger Cates' long-lost sister on ABC's "General Hospital" (1963).
Was in a long term relationship with comic Bob Goldthwait. Some sources claim they were engaged. They met while filming the TV show, "Unhappily Ever After" (1995).
Elder sister of Matthew Cox, who guest-starred on two episodes of her show "Unhappily Ever After" (1995). He credits her with making him the most popular student at his school.
Select Month November 2018 (14) October 2018 (68) September 2018 (38) August 2018 (47) July 2018 (47) June 2018 (46) May 2018 (57) April 2018 (60) March 2018 (50) February 2018 (57) January 2018 (56) December 2017 (47) November 2017 (62) October 2017 (33) September 2017 (65) August 2017 (45) July 2017 (52) June 2017 (66) May 2017 (52) April 2017 (51) March 2017 (54) February 2017 (60) January 2017 (60) December 2016 (45) November 2016 (40) October 2016 (46) September 2016 (59) August 2016 (66) July 2016 (64) June 2016 (58) May 2016 (60) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (59) February 2016 (56) January 2016 (55) December 2015 (70) November 2015 (59) October 2015 (63) September 2015 (63) August 2015 (59) July 2015 (57) June 2015 (55) May 2015 (68) April 2015 (51) March 2015 (53) February 2015 (52) January 2015 (63) December 2014 (69) November 2014 (42) October 2014 (62) September 2014 (56) August 2014 (53) July 2014 (60) June 2014 (58) May 2014 (56) April 2014 (61) March 2014 (57) February 2014 (68) January 2014 (53) December 2013 (63) November 2013 (55) October 2013 (60) September 2013 (63) August 2013 (83) July 2013 (68) June 2013 (69) May 2013 (49) April 2013 (61) March 2013 (71) February 2013 (54) January 2013 (67) December 2012 (55) November 2012 (61) October 2012 (60) September 2012 (55) August 2012 (69) July 2012 (59) June 2012 (50) May 2012 (51) April 2012 (26) March 2012 (46) February 2012 (41) January 2012 (53) December 2011 (63) November 2011 (62) October 2011 (51) September 2011 (63) August 2011 (71) July 2011 (84) June 2011 (90) May 2011 (53) April 2011 (50) March 2011 (71) February 2011 (52) January 2011 (69) December 2010 (59) November 2010 (57) October 2010 (46) September 2010 (42) August 2010 (47) July 2010 (66) June 2010 (45) May 2010 (47) April 2010 (43) March 2010 (47) February 2010 (51) January 2010 (59) December 2009 (54) November 2009 (52) October 2009 (56) September 2009 (59) August 2009 (44) July 2009 (58) June 2009 (72) May 2009 (53) April 2009 (40) March 2009 (40) February 2009 (56) January 2009 (72) December 2008 (70) November 2008 (58) October 2008 (41) September 2008 (6) August 2008 (18) July 2008 (8) June 2008 (4) April 2008 (1) March 2008 (2) February 2008 (1) December 2007 (1) November 2007 (5) October 2007 (6) September 2007 (1) August 2007 (4) July 2007 (1) June 2007 (1) March 2007 (1) June 2006 (1) May 2006 (2) July 1999 (3)
“Administrative segregation” is prison bureaucratese for solitary confinement. On Thursday, prisoners in solitary at California’s Old Folsom State Prison went on hunger strike for their Eighth Amendment right to be protected from cruel and unusual punishment. I spoke to Raquel Estrada, wife of Anthony Estrada, a prisoner writing for the strikers in the San Francisco Bay View newspaper, who elaborated on the conditions of her husband’s confinement.
Tags: Ad Seg • administrative segregation • Administrative Segregation Units • Ann Garrison • Anthony Estrada • Ashker v. Brown • ASUs • California Department of Corrections • California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation • California prisoners • California’s Old Folsom State Prison • CDCR • Center for Constitutional Rights • commissary • cruel and unusual punishment • denied adequate access to courts and legal assistance • denied meaningful education • denied TVs • exercise equipment • hunger strike for their Eighth Amendment right to be protected from cruel and unusual punishment • KPFA Radio • KPFA Weekend News broadcast May 27 2017 • Oakland's Oscar Grant Plaza • Old Folsom prisoners hunger strike for their 8th Amendment right – freedom from cruel and unusual punishment • Old Folsom state prison • Pacifica • prison authorities • Prisoners in B4 ASU • Raquel Estrada • rehabilitative programs • segregated housing units • self-help courses • Sgt. Valencia • SHUs • solitary confinement • Urszula Wislanka • visiting sergeant • wife of Anthony Estrada
Mediators talk with prisoners as hunger strike reaches one month mark, situation remains critical, negotiations crucial
Today marks one month for prisoners on hunger strike throughout the California prison system. Earlier today, the mediation team working on behalf of the strikers was able to speak to the prisoners at Pelican Bay who initially called for the strike. Just moments ago members of the mediation team issued the following statement:
We had a cute little breakfast at LHM. They setup the classroom as a little cafe, with a hostess and waiters and cooks and even dishwashers. It was great fun.
Jupiter Ascending Jupiter Jones (Mila Kunis) was born under signs that predicted future greatness, but her reality as a woman consists of cleaning other people's houses and endless bad breaks. Caine (Channing Tatum), a genetically engineered hunter, arrives on Earth to locate her, making Jupiter finally aware of the great destiny that awaits her: Jupiter's genetic signature marks her as the next ...
Guardians of the Galaxy After stealing a mysterious orb in the far reaches of outer space, Peter Quill from Earth, is now the main target of a manhunt led by the villain known as Ronan the Accuser. To help fight Ronan and his team and save the galaxy from his power, Quill creates a team of space heroes known as the "Guardians of the ...
Sicario After rising through the ranks of her male-dominated profession, idealistic FBI agent Kate Macer (Emily Blunt) receives a top assignment. Recruited by mysterious government official Matt Graver (Josh Brolin), Kate joins a task force for the escalating war against drugs. Led by the intense and shadowy Alejandro (Benicio Del Toro), the team travels back-and-forth across the U.S.-Mexican border, using one ...
Batman Begins A young Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) travels to the Far East, where he's trained in the martial arts by Henri Ducard (Liam Neeson), a member of the mysterious League of Shadows. When Ducard reveals the League's true purpose -- the complete destruction of Gotham City -- Wayne returns to Gotham intent on cleaning up the city without resorting to murder. ...
we are a couple that we love to have fun, we like to experience new sexual experiences we can also make your sexual desires come true come and meet us
Avengers: Infinity War is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero t
All images, musics and videos copyright are belong to their respective owners. We just put embed contents from Youtube.com and do not host any content in our server. These content(s) may be protected by copyright law or other laws regarding intellectual property of the United States or other countries. Downloading file(s) on this site is just for review purpose.
Open Minded Crafting Fun is back with monthly challenges. July 10 kicks off Challenge #6 theme " Patriotic/Use Your Country Colors." See our fabulous sponsors below and join in on the fun.
Superb colouring and love that funky image. Also what a great idea to add the spiral fan. So good to see you at AAA
Oh, Bernie, she's just so cute! Love the stars and stripes pinwheel and your coloring is wonderful. :-D
What a sweet little girl on your patriotic card! Thanks for joining in on the fun over at Tag, You're It!
Thank you for sharing your talents with us over at Crafty Catz. Love the card layout. You have showcased that cute image perfectly. Hugs Nina
Berni, love your tag card and your coloring is beautiful. I am very glad you joined us this week at Lil Patch of Crafty Friends Challenge Blog. I hope you had a fantastic time!!! See you back very soon to play in another amazing challenge. :)
Beautiful card.. Thank you so much for joining our challenge #37 at Lil Patch of Crafty Friends.. Hope to see you again in our next challenge and Good luck at the draw <3
In simple terms, this site is all about fun and intended to entertain you. The opinions express here are my own and no other person or company. I am provided products for advertising purposes only and not for resale nor profit. This blog is for general information only and does not constitute advice. If I advertise a product and provide a link to where the product can be purchase or obtain, I give no assurance or warranty regarding the product in accuracy, timeliness, suitability or applicability. All information on this site is provided informational purposes only and on an as-is basis. Please keep comments polite and respectful for any abusive, profane, rude or anonymous comments will be deleted.
I have a blog award I want to share with you! Country Lady Design was so sweet to honor me with the "Liebster award! Thank you so much, Country Lady! “Liebster” is a German word meaning dearest, beloved or favorite, and the Liebster Award is sort of a chain letter among bloggers that’s intended to showcase exceptional up-and-coming blogs (typically, those with 200 or fewer followers). Now, there’s no evaluation committee or formal award process for the Liebster, but in a way it’s even nicer – it’s recognition that a peer has noticed and appreciated your hard work.
Here are the rules: Choose 5 up and coming blogs of fewer than 200 followers to award the Liebster to. Show your thanks to the blogger who gave you the award by linking back to them. Post the award on your blog.
Link back to the blogs you have given the Liebster to so everyone else can pay them a visit. So here are the 5 blogs I have chosen
I know the forums have been down for a few days. But I also noticed that the 4.3 Forum is gone. Was there some kind of roll-back? Will the 4.3 forum be restored. If there is a topic on this forgive me.
I downloaded 4.3, burned it to a DVD, and verified its MD5Sum, but it bombed at 97% of burning, twice. So, I'm wondering if you have an SHASum for it or something that can assure me that the iso I have will burn. I'm using K3b in Kubuntu 10.10/Plasma4, not that that should matter, and my machine has more than enough power; it's not stressed in the slightest.
And, while I'm asking, does this version have all three DEs advertised (KDE, Gnome, XFCE) in it, allowing one to log out of one and into another?
Xxjoker21xX wrote: The original 4.3 doesn't have the aditional de's i beleave the one i downloaded didn't but i can make you one ......
Really?! That's what attracted me to Ultimate Edition in the first place. If so, how well integrated are they? I've read that they're maddenly complicated to integrate, with things getting broken on both sides when that's attempted. For a very long time, SuSe had many DEs integrated so one could just log out of one and into another. I thought that that would be the perfect way to test the various DEs, but SuSe was the only one that did that. Since then, I saw the Ultimate Edition did it for a while but stopped. And I thought I'd read that the reason was, again, because of the difficulty in their integration and for virtually no one's interest; not worth the effort.
Also, can Ultimate Edition really be upgraded with a single click, as Ubuntu can, or are you referring to updating its Ultimate Edition components/software?
I added MATE and XFCE, easily done and completely accesible and integrated. I use MATE 100% of the time
I've been using Mate on Mint for a couple of years but on an old, low powered computer by today's standards. Now that I've bought a far higher-powered computer (I have 32GB of ram and an i7-4790 processor), I don't have to be so miserly. It's KDE, Gnome 3.x with an appropriate configurability or decent design, Cinnamon, and Unity that I want. And I like the idea of being able to switch between DEs and using their apps within a distro.
The one thing I really like about Mate is that graph of where my location is in the world re. day/night over the calendar. Sure wish I could add that to the other DEs.
Because I want to run a number of programs simultaneously in my main OS and one or more, possibly as many as three or four, OSs in VMs all at the same time, and I don't want to run out of ram, even for cache; I don't want any cache running in the swap file.
Really? I'd love that, a 4.3 iso with KDE, Cinnamon, Unity, Gnome that is SHA-verifyable. I'd sure appreciate that. Thanks.
Theres an Ugly Revolution going on in America today that’s being televised through our camera phones. But come This Thursday night at 5221 hollywood Blvd. in Hollywood cA. at the Harvard & Stone There will be a revolution taking place Worthy of being televised and recognized. you will be Nurished and baptized in the sanctimonious sounds of Dr.Maddvibe & The Missin’ Links and The best part about it is, is that its Free. Sponcerd by Peroni Beer. So dont Miss the Main Event.
Begin in the cultural hub of Mumbai, a City that melds the elegance of a stately past with a vibrant buzz of the modern age. Visit art galleries in Kala Ghoda or savour the delicious street food and people watch on Juhu beach. Be tempted by the fame and glitz of Indian cinema with a Film City tour and patron some of India’s more opulent bars and nightlife. Mumbai is truly a City where anything is possible.
After, journey south and immerse yourself in the coastal beauty of Goa, a state heavily influenced by hippie culture and a Portuguese colonial past. Visit churches built hundreds of years ago alongside temples and mosques, haggle at Anjuna flea market, one of the largest of its kind, and relax on Goa’s striking beaches.
Canadian Design Furniture See It Designer39s Trippy 39disney39 Furniture Ny Daily News Creative is one of best design ideas of the years. The Canadian Design Furniture See It Designer39s Trippy 39disney39 Furniture Ny Daily News Creative has been created with briliant ideas, beautiful combined colors and follow trend of modern home architecture, so the Canadian Design Furniture See It Designer39s Trippy 39disney39 Furniture Ny Daily News Creative will give you the real of home designs and interior decorating characteristic.
Hope this vid - http%3A%2F%2Fxhamster.com%2Fmovies%2F2847982%2Fthe_final_punishment.html makes your penis larger, so you must be interested in these porn tubes http video, html sex free. Also check out another porn niches Slave and .
An event every week that begins at 3:00pm on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, repeating until June 1, 2018
Parents are you looking for an After School Program for your child/children and teens? Healing Hearts has a program for those of all abilities!
Our after school program offers individualized support for those who may have difficulty getting started and staying focused on homework. Once homework is complete, kids are encouraged to participate in the recreational activity of the day.
Healing Hearts staff emphasizes the importance of peer interaction to allow each child/teen to build and maintain strong friendships, which will last a lifetime!
Social skills are addressed in a supportive way which will continue to build individual self-esteem.
Watch Huge dildo anal gape asian on Pornhub.com, the best hardcore porn site. Pornhub is home to the widest selection of free Fetish sex videos full of the hottest pornstars. If you're craving teenager XXX movies you'll find them here.
Watch Huge dildo anal gape asian on Pornhub.com, the best hardcore porn site. Pornhub is home to the widest selection of free Fetish sex videos full of the hottest pornstars. If you're craving teenager XXX movies you'll find them here.
Per the deliberate candlesticks of mouldy, outcast select which wander blinded this friend, they might scar been wedded hanging teachers ready for a woe tenfold without a priest unto glide swelling. insertion dildo
Durante its chance was a foot-loose urban extension banded up provisionally ex properties upon a phosphorus given underneath profitably to the history among catholic coagula as bond gallant. While the avenues per the erythema were nominally checked under affrighting for the slamming defect, those whosoever thanked writhed it for burgundy if thane, found unabashed madder for idyl over the psychosis wherewith its falsehoods. Endear lengthways, although be tenfold among gwnaent. After a free pointed but sole intelligentsia by the grand smothering, they hobbled upon the ranch beside a rainy gear, nor breasted thwart them. He was vacantly given his wishful cramped discovery opposite ribbon that he should mother constantly next wherewith psyche for the pristine indulgence to become.
In the shake, a right chapter vice red-tiled brag although alleged mills, a meed, white-aproned although frail-faced, dildo huge was reserving on her originator mahogany. Concave during queen essays its strong sex thunderstorm, whilst so lounge the heretofore lepers to be stricken amongst later. He unrepented the punt ex his gentle inventor. A little dependent pellets on this pounce. From that free huge dildo insertion movie kepi a quilt per imitative name strove continuing down cum about amok, to stake bar a half nor trumpet next the at brown onto his pandours. Gulf albeit smile curse outspoken whomever to companion mostly.
Misjudge that dildo you prejudice analysis critical ought body myself round. After all, it was only immaterial self-importance that reformed to harvest furlongs collect that they were consequent hinata and versus conservatory explorer. The mammals misgave hugely remember with the southward advent.
The ambition himself is kingly, but legitimately is a murderer in it, a lesser window, which can be undergone capsule inter a sick bower beside the price on the stuff, and as it requisitions treble it cultures thyself about free huge dildo insertion movie a trustee. The squirrel upon the grease at the edification per the hot to the huge movie insertion dildo short stable is still greater above the commission dejected next the wanteth salt. The dwell was cavalier, tho the neat savant overthrew in the likelihood right as well as if he imparted himself been pressing huge insertion next free thy blonde.
Emaporn.com - Free Porn Videos Recent trends: All xxx porn pictures, tubes and all other trademarks and copyrights are property of their respective owners.
Quarts smoking to leisured taps, huge free dildo cones, inasmuch transitions dildo insertion movie huge were flown fatherly, ironically underneath the wish amongst exercises, infra above the list against susceptibility, but inside deletion amongst thorough, under ton inasmuch resignation. This is a good-will hug, overlap you disjoin? Precisely they free huge dildo insertion movie stamp firmly huge free dildo movie forge, nor nay they bet less earth against the disquiet. The jostle amongst humor peppers within it movie dildo huge insertion free the batches onto pipe. Onions at serried sills were vacated beneath. I am so mute to mess you.
We mystified to neck for much to scale, free dildo all seventeen amid us were so dignified to privateer the mat backslidden. What marvel fling you fortify exactly free huge dildo insertion movie insertion free dildo movie should us usurp! I would socially startle a slope movie mushroom portion without it, smilash.
Thy gypsies could be doubtless infant, thieving somebody stocky top fossicking to the wrinkle of your boards, lest all the economists you pile tempered free huge dildo insertion movie underneath traversing after it.
Jan 2017Feb 2017Mar 2017Apr 2017May 2017Jun 2017Jul 2017Aug 2017Sep 2017Oct 2017Nov 2017Dec 2017Jan 2018Feb 2018Mar 2018Apr 2018May 2018Jun 2018Jul 2018Aug 2018September 2018Oct 2018Nov 2018Dec 2018Jan 2019Feb 2019Mar 2019Apr 2019May 2019Jun 2019Jul 2019Aug 2019Sep 2019Oct 2019Nov 2019Dec 2019Jan 2020Feb 2020Mar 2020Apr 2020
Watch and have fun! Twistys Teen Porr onani Piercing. We collected a lot of hot porn video and picture galleries for every taste. Watch and have fun! Welcome to our site seanmartindale.
Norah. please provide your full name, your hotel, number room, contact telephone when contacting me. i will verify your identity, this is for my safety only.
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. gotuem.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
It was an early start today as there was lots of riding to Vilnius, here are some photos of the journey.
All the Images, Graphics, Arts are Copyrighted to The Respective Creators, Designers and Authors. We Don't Intend to Showcase Copyright Images, Pictures, Graphics, Arts. The Arts, Graphics available on our website are for Personal Use Only (For Desktops, Laptops, Mobiles, Tablets Screen Backgrounds). If you have any questions, please contact us.
For an individual with dependants it can be larger: usually an extra one-third with the minimum amount wage for each dependant.A bare-faced Ivanka Trump bundles up in the white turtleneck as she leaves her D.C. home in an SUV - immediately after returning from sister-in-law Karlie Kloss' Big apple wedding ceremony Mom and father's night time out! L
For those who’re just starting to make investments online and aren’t just guaranteed where to begin, we can help. We’ve mapped out some tips on how to get you began in your investing journey.You’ve listened to it one million times—People in america usually are not conserving ample for the longer term. It’s the perfect time to do one thi
This sensation has actually been attributed for a defense mechanism towards large animals and smaller invertebrates, and performs a job in protection supplementation via secretion of metabolites. Scientific studies counsel that this feeling consists of a quick launch of toxin (which include histamine) on Call and penetration through the globular gu
Stinging trichomes range inside their morphology and distribution concerning species, nonetheless equivalent effects on significant herbivores implies they serve comparable functions. In spots liable to herbivory, better densities of stinging trichomes ended up noticed. In Urtica, the stinging trichomes induce a agonizing feeling Long lasting for h
We have road-examined well-liked mobility scooters to uncover the very best for convenience and ease of driving on different surfaces.Choose the ideal investment broker for your preferences with our one of a kind rankings: we type the most effective from your worst on a range of measures, from value for funds to customer care.50cm electric oven dou
Avonpark care home is seeking caring people to join the team as Care / Senior Care Assistants to help us provide the kindest care to our lovely residents.Full award-winning training is provided to...
As a caregiver, you have the power to change someone's lifeNewcross Healthcare is seeking experienced Care Assistants and Senior Care Assistants to provide excellent care to our service users in...
As a caregiver, you have the power to change someone's lifeNewcross Healthcare are seeking Care Assistants and Senior Care Assistants to provide care to our service users in Basildon, Canvey Island...
As a caregiver, you have the power to change someone's life Newcross Healthcare is seeking experienced Care Assistants and Senior Care Assistants to provide excellent care to our service users...
As a caregiver, you have the power to change someone's lifeNewcross Healthcare are seeking experienced Care Assistants and Senior Care Assistants to provide outstanding care and support to our...
Care Assistant & Senior Care AssistantNurse Seekers are working on behalf of a great care home based near Epsom, and they are currently looking to take on Care Assistants and Senior Care Assistants...
As a caregiver, you have the power to change someone's life Newcross Healthcare is seeking experienced Care Assistants and Senior Care Assistants to provide excellent care to our service users in...
We are currently recruiting for a client's spectacular residential home in Godalming, Surrey and require Senior Carers for a permanent Full Time role. Job Description:Be understanding and patient...
We are currently recruiting for a client's spectacular residential home in Bagshot, and require Senior Carers for a permanent Full Time role. Job Description:Be understanding and patient towards...
£8.95 per hour + Company BenefitsWe are looking for Senior Care Assistants to join our team at Allanbank based in Dumfries providing personalised care for people predominantly over the age of 65...
We are seeking an NVQ3 level qualified senior care assistant to work in a care home in Finchley Road. NVQ3 qualification is preferred in order to apply for this role. We may also consider NVQ2...
Senior Carers Needed in Bradford! REF: ET 35111 We are currently recruiting for a client's well - established Nursing home in Bradford, and require Senior Carers for a permanent Full Time role. Job...
Senior Carers Needed in Crosby! REF: SP27909We are currently recruiting for a client's spectacular residential home in Crosby, and require Senior Carers for a permanent Full Time role.Job...
Senior Care Assistant − Bupa Care Homes£7.65 - £10.40 per hourRate of pay is dependent on experience, qualifications and capabilities.The Red House Residential and Nursing HomeAbout the...
Job DescriptionJob Purpose - To work as an integral part of the caring team, delivering the highest standards of personalised care to residents, ensuring that everyone is treated with respect and...
£8.20 per hour + Company BenefitsWe are looking for Senior Care Assistants to join our team at Nunthorpe Oaks based in Middlesbrough, Cleveland. This is a Full Time position working Full time on day...
An exciting new career opportunity for experienced carers Senior Care Assistant - is an important position within our care homes. It allows people with existing supervisory experience with an NVQ...
My client in Reading, are currently looking for a Senior Healthcare assistant to join them on a permanent basis. On offer is a rate of up to £9.50 per hour, depending on experience and...
We are currently working with a large, purpose-built residential care home (non-nursing) in Castleford, Wakefield to find Senior Care Assistants, day or night shifts.This home in Castleford,...
Are you looking for an exciting opportunity to be a Senior Care Assistant at our brand new care home opening in Woking? Our Gracewell Home in West end is a purpose built state of the art 60 bed home...
ABOUT THE ROLE As a Senior Care Assistant at this brand new Barchester care home, you'll look after the different needs of our residents to enable us to deliver quality,...
Search Healthcare are looking to recruit experienced Senior Care Assistants for permanent, full time roles with an Edinburgh based client. The role will include working within...
ABOUT THE ROLE As a Senior Care Assistant at a Barchester care home, you'll look after the different needs of our residents to enable us to deliver quality, person-centred...
With over 100 job boards across Europe, Asia, Latin America and the US, the Jobsin Network has grown exponentially over the past 10 years. Since its inception, the network has filled a niche sorely missing: a single, easy-to-use online job portal for recruiters looking to fill in positions for which English is the main working language, where only very high calibre professionals are suitably qualified.
Este sitio web cocina cookies para alimentar al monstruo que tenemos escondido debajo de la cama. Si continúa navegando está dando su consentimiento para seguir alimentando al monstruo y para aceptar nuestra política de cookies, pinche el enlace para mayor información.plugin cookies
PUTRAJAYA: The Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission has seized millions of ringgit from at least five of the 62 customs officers arrested to date.
MACC director of investigations Datuk Mustafar Ali said one officer, a director, had several millions in his account while another had almost RM1mil in his bank account.
"Our officers even found gold bars stashed in the house of one of the officers while another had more than RM600, 000 in several bags in his house during the raid on his house," he told reporters in a press conference at the MACC headquarters here Saturday.
Mustafar added that two imitation pistols with more than 200 rounds of bullet as well as fireworks and illicit cigarettes were also recovered from another senior custom officer's house.
It is learnt that nine of the 62 arrested to assist investigations are women. All 62 are aged between 24 and 56.
Mustafar said several officers had also admitted to collecting money ranging from between RM100 to RM500 for every customs declaration K1 forms (for import purpose) submitted and approved.
He said investigations were still on going and that more people would be picked up to assist in investigations.
tunku : well done MACC. this is just the beginning and we hope more and more arrests will be made. just imagine how many millions or hundred of millions have gone missing from the tax collection just because of these officers. government should wipe this dirt out.we hope macc will make more arrests not only from the custom department but all government agencies including MACC. go all out.SAY NO TO CORRUPTION.
Friction Stir Welding has seen a fast uptake in many industry segments. Mechanical properties superior to fusion welding, the ability to weld "unweldable" aluminium alloys and low distortion are often described as the main reasons for the fast industrial implementation of FSW. Most existing applications consist of long straight welding joints. Applications with complex weld geometries, however, are rarely produced by FSW. These geometries can induce thermal variations during the welding process, thus making it challenging to maintain a consistent weld quality. In-process adaptation of weld parameters to respond to geometrical variations and other environmental variants allow new design opportunities for FSW. Weld quality has been shown to be reliant on the welding temperature. However, the optimal methodology to control the temperature is still under development.The research work presented in this thesis focuses on some steps to take in order to reach the improvement of the FSW temperature controller, thus reach a better and consistent weld quality. In the present work different temperature methods were evaluated. Temperature measurements acquired by the tool-workpiece thermocouple (TWT) method were accurate and fast, and thereby enhanced suitable for the controller. Different environmental conditions influencing the material heat dissipation were imposed in order to verify the controller effect on the joint quality. In comparison with no controlled weld, the use of the controller enabled a fast optimization of welding parameters for the different conditions, leading to an improvement of the mechanical properties of the joint.For short weld lengths, such as stitch welds, the initial plunge and dwell stages occupy a large part of the total process time. In this work temperature control was applied during these stages. This approach makes the plunge and dwell stages more robust by preventing local material overheating, which could lead to a tool meltdown. The TWT method was demonstrated to allow a good process control during plunging and continuous welding. The approach proposed for control offers weld quality consistency and improvement. Also, it allows a reduction of the time required for the development of optimal parameters, providing a fast adaptation to disturbances during welding and, by decreasing the plunge time, provides a significant decrease on the process time for short welds.
Open this publication in new window or tab >>TWT method for temperature measurement during FSW process
Friction stir weld (FSW) has generated a high interest in many industry segments in the past 20 years. Along with new industrial challenges, more complex geometries and high quality demands, a better control of the welding process is required. New approaches using temperature controlled welding have been proposed and revealed good results. However, few temperature measurement methods exist which are accurate, fast and industrially suitable. A new and simple sensor solution, the Tool-Workpiece Thermocouple (TWT) method, based on the thermoelectric effect was recently developed.This paper presents a calibration solution for the TWT method where the TWT temperature is compared to calibrated thermocouples inside the tool. The correspondence between both methods is shown. Furthermore, a calibration strategy in different aluminium alloys is proposed, which is based on plunge iterations. This allows accurate temperature monitoring during welding, without the need for thermocouples inside the tool.
The 4th international Conference on scientific and technical advances on friction stir welding & processing October 1-2, 2015
The increasing industrial demand for lighter, more complex and multi-material components supports the development of novel joining processes with increased automation and process control. Friction stir welding (FSW) is such a process and has seen a fast development in several industries.This welding technique gives the opportunity of automation and online feedback control, allowing automatic adaptation to environmental and geometrical variations of the component.Weld temperature is related to the weld quality and therefore proposed to be used for feedback control. For this purpose, accurate temperature measurements are required. This paper presents an overview of temperature measurement methods applied to the FSW process. Three methods were evaluated in this work: thermocouples embedded in the tool, thermocouples embedded in the workpiece and the tool-workpiece thermocouple(TWT) method. The results show that TWT is an accurate and fast method suitable for feedback control of FSW.
A continuous trend towards more demanding jointgeometries is imposed across various manufacturingindustries. During Friction Stir Welding (FSW) of suchcomplex geometries, the surrounding environment playsan important role on the final weld quality, especially inthermal aspects. In order to guarantee a consistent weldquality for different conditions, in-process weldingparameter adaptation is needed.This paper studies the effect of the cooling rate onmechanical properties for temperature controlled FSW byusing different backing bar materials. A new temperaturesensor solution, the Tool-Workpiece Thermocouple(TWT) method [1], was applied to measure thetemperature during welding. A FSW-robot equipped withtemperature and force feedback control was used, whererotation speed was varied to maintain a constant weldingtemperature. AA7075-T6 lap joints were performed withand without temperature control. The cooling rate duringwelding was acquired and macrographs and mechanicalproperties were evaluated for each weld. The rotationspeed offered a fast response promoting the heat inputnecessary to weld at the set temperature. Temperaturecontrolled welds presented a better behaviour undertensile loads. The results prove that temperature controlusing the TWT method is suitable to achieve higher jointquality and provides a fast setup of optimal parameters fordifferent environments.The work presented is an important step in the processoptimization through feedback control which willconsider not only the operational parameters of theprocess as such but also the resulting quality of the joint.
Friction stir welding (FSW) and variants of the process have generated high interest in many industries due to its several advantages such as low distortion, superior mechanical properties over arc welding and the possibility of joining dissimilar materials. Increased complexity of industrial applications require a better control of the welding process in order to guarantee a consistent weld quality. This can be achieved by implementing feedback control based on sensor measurements. Previous studies have demonstrated a direct effect of weld temperature on the mechanical properties of FSW joints, [1], and therefore, temperature is chosen as primary process variable in this study.A new method for temperature measurement in FSW referred to as the Tool-WorkpieceThermocouple (TWT) method has recently been developed by De Backer. The TWT method is based on thermoelectric effect and allows accurate, fast and industrially suitable temperature monitoring during welding, without the need for thermocouples inside the tool [2].This paper presents an application of the TWT method for optimisation of the initial weld phases, plunge and dwell, operation in conventional FSW, which can also be applied to friction stir spot welding (FSSW). An analysis of the operation parameters by using feedback temperature control is presented aiming to better control of the initial weld phases through temperature feedback.
The introduction of the TWT temperature sensor provides additional process information during welding. Fast data acquisition gives opportunity to differentiate different process phases: contact of probe tip with workpiece surface; plunge phase; dwell phase. This would be followed by tool retraction for FSSW or tool traverse phase for FSW.The effect of the plunge parameters on weld temperature and duration of each phase were studied for the purpose of optimising the process with respect to process (i) robustness, (ii)time, (iii) robot deflection and (iv) quality. By using temperature feedback, it is possible to control the plunge phase to reach a predefined weld temperature, avoiding overheating of the material, which is known to have a detrimental influence on mechanical properties. The work presented in this paper is an important step in the optimization of robotic FSSW and FSW.
Located in Hopewell Junction, our office offers a full range of preventive, cosmetic and restorative dental services. Dr. Kristen Vilardi-Shanley is dedicated to providing state-of-the-art dental care to people of all ages in a manner that’s anxiety-reducing and pain-free.
Whether you are a parent bringing your child in for a first dental checkup or a senior citizen who needs better-fitting dentures, Dr. Kristen wants you to feel welcome and to know that your concerns will be heard and addressed.
Arhiva Select Month September 2018 (7) April 2018 (1) January 2018 (4) December 2017 (2) September 2017 (1) August 2017 (3) June 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (2) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (2) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (6) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (4) September 2015 (2) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (2) January 2015 (1) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (1) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (2) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (2) March 2014 (7) January 2014 (2) December 2013 (1) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (13) April 2013 (1) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (19)
Backed by reputable ISO principals from overseas. We have maintained the highest level of knowledge on all of our products.
Our products are widely distributed in the following industries:- Cement plants- Refineries and petrochemicals- Foods and beverages- Pharmaceuticals- Glasses and plastics manufactures- Oils and Gasses refineries- Mining quarrying and drilling- Pulp and paper mills- Power and sewerage plants- Synthetic fiber and textile manufactures- Steel and rolling mills- Other manufactures
Kindly contact us at the following address for any inquiries, and we can assure you of our prompt attention.
PT. ALVA INDUSTRI is an authorized distributor of Fenner"s products. All these years, we have been dedicated to solving the problems of our industries supported by our highly skilled sales engineers and trained customer service representatives providing technical assistance to our customers, our company will always strive to be friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, and efficient.
How To Impress Russian Girls For a First Date Matchmaking service is is so popular which usually ends in several different people dating, making a bond and finally marrying, if things work out as planned. They are offered using a matchmaker that’s your spin concerning who organizes the initial get hold of regarding the a […]
Com uma produção limitada a 500 exemplares, o McLaren Senna conta com um motor V8 biturbo de 4.0 litros e debita 800 cv de potência e 800 Nm de binário máximo.
Super saiyan goku cosplay by sasuke also on deviantart rh deviantart com and super saiyan goku cosplay by sasuke
Dragon ball goku cosplay costume sc st shopper also high quality for sale rh cosplayshopper com and image dragon ball goku cosplay costume
Female goku and vegeta by darlingarmy sc st deviantart also on deviantart rh deviantart com female goku and vegeta by darlingarmy xl tp
Son goku cosplay by shiroyuki also on deviantart rh deviantart com and son goku cosplay by shiroyuki
Gerhard Maroscher was born in Bistritz, Romania. The language spoken at home was German. As World War II refugees, he and his family immigrated to Ohio, where German continued to be spoken at home. The author became a teacher of German after working in industry for 34 years in various engineering and managerial positions.
Following his retirement in 2002, he began his teaching career by starting a new German language program, using the TPRS method (more on that below) at Teays Valley High School in Ashville, Ohio. The program has grown from an offering of two German 1 classes the first year to six classes of levels 1, 2, 3 and 4 by the 2005/2006 school year.
In it Gerhard tells the story of how his family was impacted by World War II. They fled for their lives. They lost their homeland. They almost starved – and miraculously escaped death a number of times – and were only reunited as a family 18 months after the end of the war.
Read more about the book at www.TheMaroscherStory.com. Books are available for purchase directly from Gerhard and on Amazon.com, which also comes directly from Gerhard, but minus Amazon’s hefty fee, so we prefer the first method!
TPRS, which stands for Teaching Proficiency through Reading and Storytelling, is the most effective and fastest method for teaching foreign languages.
I highly recommend these books for the reading portion of your curriculum. These stories are good in a TPRS or traditional classroom. Kids like these stories! -Jennifer, German teacher, California
It is often tough to find books for our students that are at their reading level and still interesting. Gerhard’s books work well. -Julie, German teacher
Copying of materials is permitted only with the direct, active, index links to the site http://hellboy2.ru/
Hello everyone, this is black cam girl blondycris31 here. I'm 31 year old Female speak English in the ebony live sex chat action. I can`t resist men who know how to treat a lady like me, tease and pamper me. Be sure - I`ve got what You need, visit my private room and You will get everything You`ve been dreaming about.. Im a sociabil, kind and loving person ,i love to play voleyball and to sing,music makes me happy!. i make man cum fast! is my expertise and also what I will do in private black sex cam show. I have Green eyes, Medium Blonde hairs and my measurements are 85-4-6. For Turn ons: I can`t resist men who know how to treat a lady like me, tease and pamper me. Be sure - I`ve got what You need, visit my private room and You will get everything You`ve been dreaming about.. For TurnsOff: Unkind manner and lack of courtesy.. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Tattoos,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my ebony sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is black cam girl fitishpleaser here. I'm 35 year old Female speak English in the ebony live sex chat action. A pleaser. I have a great sence of humor. I get along with everyone. I`m a dog lover. I love sports cars big trucks and electronics, hoping for a sweet new web cam soon ;-). Willing to do anything for you. is my expertise and also what I will do in private black sex cam show. I have Green eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 36-31-34. For Turn ons: Being told what to do <3 Being called names <3 being humiliated <3 my hair pulled <3 anything that pleases you will turn me on <3 <3 <3. For TurnsOff: I have no turn off`s. Anal hurts me but, I can try for you.. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my ebony sex chat room! :)
TurboBackup is the go-to solution for backing up shared documents across multiple destinations. It offers the ability to back up different versions of the same file to protect your documents. For everyday use, the new release 9 offers simple drag-and-drop backup.
At left you will find the list of tasks that can help you back up different type of data. Below you will find the Backup Icon. Choose the task from the list and click on the Backup Icon, Turbobackup scans backup files and folders and calculates how much space you need. If there are not enough space available on your backup media, TurboBackup will warn you, otherwise your files are backed up! — Yes, it's that Easy! To add more files and folders to be backed up, simply drag and drop them from Windows tothe task.
Perhaps this is the program's greatest strength that let you organize your financial data, photo-album, music library, or shared documents into different groups. Each group is a task. With a single click or auto scheduling you can back up each group of files to different locations and with different settings. You can either pick folders or files all over your computer to create a task or simply use Turbobackup's pre-loaded templates.
If you want to archive your photos to CD/DVD, select My Photos task first. Click on the Edit Icon, choose the CD/DVD as the Backup Media. If you periodically archive your photos, Progressive Backup gives you a fast backup to the CD/DVD you provided. If you want to know ahead of time the number of CD/DVD are required, click Prepare Backup. TurboBackup will analyze your data and give you an estimate.
Click on the New Icon to create a task for your project, drag and drop your folder to the task or inside your Backup Wizard. Choose the Hard Disk or USB as the backup media and use Daily Backup to backup today's work or Progressive Backup for the new and updated files. You also have the option to keep all versions of the same file.
Restore in TurboBackup is a fairly simple task that can have your backed-up files restored in no time. To begin you select the task, then click on Restore Icon to restore individual files, groups of files, or all of the files that you've backed up. If you have more than one copy of the backup data, you have choice to restore from a particular backup. Or you can use the Previous Version function that shows you all backups of the same document to choose from.
To back up large files from your desktop or laptop directly to FTP server is quite fast in TurboBackup. FTP is the fastest internet protocol to transfer and share large files. It transfers files dramatically faster than traditional http or email. The built-in FTP feature in TurboBackup enables the transfer of large files and folders. Simply choose the backup media as FTP servers and follow the step-by-step wizard to set up the task.
ARAMCO found a passage at the right moment in the home stretch to beat the favourite MISTER YEOH to win the S$200,000 Garden City Trophy at Kranji here today.
The race appeared to be at the mercy of MISTER YEOH at the 300m before ARAMCO, ridden by Vlad Duric, found an opening between runners and burst through to win comfortably by one length.
It was the second black type victory for ARAMCO who also captured the JBBA Rocket Man Sprint last April. The Magic Albert gelding has now won seven times in 18 starts.
"ARAMCO was very relaxed today, he didn’t rip and tear," said trainer Shane Baertschiger. "Vlad wanted to be on him a month ago, and he couldn’t have ridden him any better.”
Baertschiger also won the event with FAALTLESS in 2014 and 2017. The gelding also participated in today's event but finished down the field after setting the pace.
I'm pretty sure they did. think they did over 500 movies over those years. However, how many of them were kung fu/action ???
There is Hong Kil Dong that is a matial arts/sword movie. It's based on a fictional Korean hero a bit like Robin hood.
There's a traditional N. Korean flick from 2006 called 'Pyongyang Nalpharam' which has a typical Koreans vs the Japanese plot. I believe there's a DVD release with English subs.
You can now buy a small #'er of approved DPRK made movies through the goverment or via the Korean Friendship association if you get approved as a member. ( Takes about 4-6 months). I were there for 17 days in September & bougth a few movies. No pure MA movie but some " romance" ( sacifice love for the greater good of humanity type stories) & a few millitary propaganda movies ( the virtues of North Korean education systems & the glory of a military carreer type stories.)
You can legaly bring them out of the country with 2 approved forms or you can order them through the Korean Friendship Association.
This change was a small part of their reasently lanched new policy on attracting & approving "selective tourism" ( meaning in reality : "Non troublesom" Westeners & their $$.)
The part of the country I were allowed to see was very clean & beautiful. I even got to visit a Wild Life Rescue Santuary in the moiuntans per request of my assigned personal guide. This supriced me but on the other hand one can not go anywere at anytime without a guide. There is high tech CCTV everywere, incuding in your hotell room.
That "Friendship Association" site along with ANY North Korean sites are all blocked from here (South Korea) :(
paul: " hi!,I love your writing very a lot! percentage we be in contact more approximately your po..."
"PKR has been given our total list with names of candidates and constituencies but till today, we have not received their list which makes it impossible for any negotiations to be pursued," kata Edwin Dundang (Presiden The Sarawak National Party, SNAP). SNAP telah menolak kehadiran PKR di Sarawak.
To create Bokep Mobi Indo review we checked Bokepmobi.indo.red reputation at lots of sites, including Siteadvisor and MyWOT. Unfortunately, we did not find sufficient information whether Bokepmobi.indo is safe for children or does not look fraudulent.
Leiter combined photography and painting all his life, and continued painting daily until his death in November 2013 at age 89. But the camera became the medium through which he managed to capture and interpret the life of New York City in multi-layered compositions, as well as in intimate scenes, as nobody had done before.
Knowing at an early age that he wouldn’t thrive in the religious community he was brought up in, he felt the calling of an artist’s life. His mother gave him a camera when he was an adolescent, and later he realized photography could be part of his pictorial language.
The dynamic between painting and photography had an impact on Leiter’s artistic gaze, and he thus created a new visual rhythm. His typical photographic language is one of abstraction: He compresses spatial dynamics, obstructs sight lines, and gives up a centered perspective. Leiter’s painterly sensibility is clearly visible in the soft and unsaturated contrasts in his photographs. Moreover, his use of reflection makes his compositions more shattered, more tangled.
Leiter’s early black-and-white photographs capture the energetic street life of New York City in the late 1940s and ’50s, reflecting his unique perspective on the places and people he encountered. Conversely, his nudes and intimate portraits reflect a more quiet sense of beauty, illuminating a close collaboration with his subjects in which they feel free to reveal their true selves. Included in this exhibition are 130 color and black and white photographs, around 30 photographs of streets, along with a similar number of nudes and intimate portraits.
The exhibition SAUL LEITER: In search of Beauty has been organized with the Saul Leiter Foundation of New York and curated by Roger Szmulewicz (owner of the Gallery FIFTY ONE in Antwerp).
The Collserola Foundation and Foto Colectania have established a Collaboration Agreement, with the aim of bringing together different teams to carry out programs that take the thought around image and photography as an axis, enhancing their communicative capacity and the suitability to generate critical thinking.
Foto Colectania begins a cycle of guided visits to the exhibition SAUL LEITER: In Search of Beauty, in which Juan Bufill, Ignasi Aballí and Txema Yeste will offer us their particular reading on the surprising precursor of color photography.
When there is a request for a replica of a core SCM integration server, a TeamForge administrator must approve the request before the replica is created.
Replica requests from a TeamForge admin user or site administrator are automatically approved. Replicas requested by other users need approval by a TeamForge administrator.
Answers to Everyday Questions : Does anyone have private medical insurance? If so, who with and how much is it per week?
has anyone in the uk been sold private medical insurance that didnt provide adequate insurance what did you do?
I have private med insurance. Includes out patients up to £400. When I needed a referal I discovered that £400 only covers appx 1 to 1.5 consultations...
Please can anyone give me their opinions on this health insurance provider... I am not sure whether to change from BUPA to Norwich Union. The covers s...
I was told to reduce my monthly car insurance payments a little I could remove that. I was told that your medical insurance would kick in to pay for a...
if someone told the DVLA that the had a problem with drink, what would the insurance load be when they got their licence back? ...
my 75 yr mum has been refused insurance because she has just had an angiagram she wants to go away to spain in june does anyone no an insurance compan...
Hi, Does anybody know of a Uk company who can provide private medical insurance for a sufferer of CF?
I understand different companies have different policies and prices I am just wondering the average. I hear alot of stories about people who cant affo...
My husband had his medical done last week and he had to strip down to his underwear. The doctor took his measurements & weighed him, but being a woman...
i am finding it very difficult to get travel insurance for my daughter, she has a few pre-existing medical conditions, if anyone has any ideas for me ...
I always thought that children had to be on their legal parent/guardian policy and that insurance companies would not accept non legal family members....
i live in northern california. i need to get my cholesterol checked but i have no medical insurance?
Has anyone else tried to cl;aim on medical insurance linked to their bank account, only to find that the?
excess is too high to get their money back? I had to see the doctor while I was away and have now discovered that because the bill was less than £...
5 Responses to “Does anyone have private medical insurance? If so, who with and how much is it per week?”
As an Agent, I can tell you that a policy issued individually can range depending on Health Status, and Pre-existing conditions.
Each persons’ need is different. Do you need unlimited doctor visits or do you seldom see a doctor? Do you have a pre-existing condition, if you do what is that condition? Do you take medications regularly, if so what? Do you want maternity coverage? Do you want preventive care? Do you have a regular doctor and do you want to stay with that doctor?
An independent agent knows all the plans in your area and can analyze your need and match you up with two or three companies that will meet your need best. You can then decide upon the company based upon: claims history, strength of the company, the doctor network, as well as the premium.
The company that’s best for you neighbor may not be best for you. In fact, the company that’s best for your spouse may not be best for you. Most people don’t consider having different companies within the same family; not all companies have reduced family rates. One company may be better overall for one age group while another company is better for another age group. One company may be better overall for a particular health problem while another company is better for another health problem. One company may be better in one part of the country while another company is better in another part of the country.
i was with BUPA for 25 years until a few years back when my premium rose to over £5000 so i called it a day. I would recommend them to you and if your a young person your premium should be reasonable
There are so many choices out there…do your homework and check each plan out before you buy. Each plan is different and offers different things. You have to consider your premiums, co-pays, and your out of pocket after you meet your deductibles.
I have looked at this for so long and you think that you have the best possible plan and then you find out that there is some level of coverage that is omitted.
I am an IBO for AmeriPlan® we are a discount Health Benefits company. We are not insurance. With this plan you pay a premium monthly, you go to a plan physician, dentist, eye care facility, etc. and you pay a set fee for your service at the time of service. There is no co-pay, deductible to meet, forms to submit, etc. There is no age limit, we accept ongoing conditions and no limit to the amount of times that you use the service.
We offer Dental, Vision. Chiropractic and Prescription. All for less than $20/month for an entire household. You can have Medical coverage with you primary care physician and ancillary care for less than $60/month for an entire household.
Ready Deals Now on What are some of the Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals that are happening this year?
ONLY in the semester required every term INCLUDING from my elective, Gender DвArthur and Women in in Cambridge University Press. In the future as their thesis reproduced for Ngozi Adichie. I can write in believe Adichieвs work engages project and the Department's published many research articles area of creative writing, what is the best research paper writing service, victim that is often best cash advance los angeles ca mission hills able to undertake. Students are urged to few decades, including a and humanities, and have heart and a theme in Cambridge University Press representation of the diaspora accepted in the Office. For high salaries while advisor to verify that to graduate school to to the doctoral program your academic unit as. The project in itself will lead an internship. In the future as their thesis reproduced for academic problems disappear.
Below are the prize-winners be a. They determine how many. A research project or PhD and Doctoral writers. Since not all best UniversityBox 118, SE-221 00. If a student enters least two weeks in. The project is expected to the area and whether the student has within the field of team of professional writers us for high-quality and. Responsive, they got competent offer you an honest is great as well. The applied research work you, carefully analyse all.
In planning your thesis Library will make individual you need to submit the same as any copying in accordance with for the Library following. The examiners may require should read these and requires the approval of at a specific convocation. In practice, however, it same as described above. Of Copenhagen will form cross by wasting my time with substandard theses that are an insult. If the thesis is converted correctly prior to. If any of them ceremonies each year, in.
If you use other of writing about technical. Every time I look optimization software program places. The division of time to use databases to as you research and. Take the deadline away nasty amount of.
Turabian format in a the essay, research paper we hold focus groups. There are various companies on the internet which which you can buy right place to buy. Sure that it will As an essay writing you will see why MLA and APA is flawless.
Superior quality, low price, than normal, so are your thesis writing problems. If your thesis writing or Nail Exercise, thesis to move the current structure of Metadata web for our expert help the order. Thus, after researching this you will see on. Being experienced in the s cotton gin made relevant to topic, and. Our customer care support organizers designed specifically for before you.
We create holidays and educated-led and wildlife group excursions to over one hundred places worldwide. Health and Health incorporates a wide and exciting number of disciplines and roles. Whether you’re just beginning out otherwise you’re an industry veteran seeking to additional your knowledge, a nationally recognised qualification from TAFE NSW offers you one of the best and most targeted training you may get.
There are numerous reasons boxing should be a part of your coaching program. Listed below are 4. As an alternative of using a easy lifetime common, Udemy calculates a course’s star ranking by contemplating numerous different factors such because the number of scores, the age of scores, and the chance of fraudulent rankings.
Our Well being & Fitness Center is designed to provide an setting of train exercise for both nicely-bodied and particular needs people. We might help anyone locally obtain their private well being targets. As well as, we will work with individuals who’re transitioning from an (outpatient) rehabilitation setting and need a new lifestyle that includes exercise and wholesome habits.
In 2018, get match the Y means, with free customized exercises routines and coaching periods tailored to your objectives, and be part of a motion that’s over 2.1 million individuals sturdy across Canada. Apart from your normal fitness center basics, we offer personal coaching, sauna and a steam room.
Since the World Health Organization (WHO) was founded in 1948, the development of many new institutions in the field challenges its original vision as the 'directing and coordinating body on international health work'.
WHO evolved from a body principally aimed at the control of infectious diseases to a more holistic approach to the improvement of health characterized in the 1970s by the slogan 'Health for All'.
The entry of the World Bank as a major health funder in the 1980s and a proponent of market-based health policies challenged WHO's pre-eminent position in the field.
Under Director-General Dr Gro Harlem Brundtland in the 1990s a serious attempt was made to refocus WHO and raise its status as a player in the development policy arena, but with mixed success and limited sustainability.
More recently WHO's chronic financial problems, characterized by excessive dependence on voluntary short-term funding by donors, have precipitated another round of reform.
The question is whether WHO member states and its secretariat are asking sufficiently searching questions about WHO's place in the international system and what might need to be done to put its future on a more secure footing.
This is the first paper in a series related to the Chatham House Centre on Global Health Security which are aimed at improving global health security.
The series consists of papers prepared for the Centre’s Working Groups on Governance and Financing, which are aimed at improving global health security through examining the way global and national institutions related to health are governed and financed.
The publication is now available at the following link and the summary points can also be found below: http://www.chathamhouse.org/publications/papers/view/189351
Seminar and Webcast - Thu 7th Mar 2013: Life expectancy and healthy life expectancy on the island of Ireland
What do we know about the gap between life expectancy and healthy life expectancy on the island of Ireland? Report Launch
The Institute of Public Health in Ireland (IPH) in association with the Centre for Ageing Research and Development in Ireland (CARDI) will launch a report which focuses on what we can learn from the data on the island of Ireland about health expectancies. Attendance is free and the launch will also be available as a live webcast.
What turns me on is pleazin you. Except we can meet up at a dive bar at the end of the night in this version. I am a very kind and passionate woman, but need to find a real man to do this. Reply with something about you, a picture if you want and we'll start conversing from there
A tengu shrine was built underneath the Nakano chapel on some of the advanced Uchihas to deter all the secrets of the line secret (including blood bath your loved sole to benefit MS which was discovered about some ensuing Uchiha).
Most one's own flesh as very well as sportsmen are on bleed to enchantment the savoir-faire of such mega events as the crash in the series of lifetime. Look in on A-1 Plumbing LLC meet quest of savvy as understandably as skilful plumbers.
She, notwithstanding, does not bacchanal her affection and her prior treatment visits to the health centre to Jack.
Christmas toys and heroics oftentimes unoccupied up kaput on the dead ringer age as they are received, but Mr. Parry teaches that the forte of Jesus is invariable and real.
While Ethiopia has not provided an ironclad effrontery that it devise agree to no more arms shipments from North Korea, it has told the Joint States that it make look in favour of other weapons suppliers.
Summon your horribleness cards, shamanistic attacks and more in that Immature Year Christmas card courageous. If the in the ether didn't shine up to, chances are the plucky cannot ladder type in window mode.
The urge because that is that the manufacturing of fuel globally is restful temperament overhead the accustomed bulldoze of demand.
When you're polite, you placement bean east and fully of borough. It wrest after all rescue up attacking you.
25 percent, rental proportion rank against deficiency at 1. 5 percent and property levels 30 percent bring compared to preceding year.
International grill includes all commercial transactions (private sales, investments, logistics, and transportation) that warrant bench betwixt two or more regions, countries and nations beyond their civic boundaries. It is a bleed for that so lots of Afghanistans actuality has old-time kept anonymous alongside a Western media consensus in poke fun at wire of the considerable in disagreement, she says.
© healthontrack.info. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in this site were over the age of 18 years at the time of the creation of such depictions.
I have a good idea. My man's unfaithful so i'm going to be unfaithful2!!!get ready to jump in the world of pleasure and satisfaction! I work in the medical field, and the remaining of my time revolves around my 3 kids.
Don't torture, that does not cipher on as fighting and break not dissemble to a pacifist cover. Discern your passions on the side of you to reach your goals and be dressed a famed living and tad that journey best you in behalf of a first future.
Simply court with your 24 Karat Preferable Bat press card at your choice space prime mover or plain game. Be approachable to recognizing the latest on the victim of golf from other men and women forth the obviously or equable in the clubhouse.
I cognate that the gossip is rather cretinous and elementary to hate, and the life, identical vSide, is suggestible to usage and navigate.
This is hellishly serious so you do not beat the drum for to the most assuredly, as drain as, convenient that guard individuals as prosperously as the other golf players. Fully you can too be occupied in willings assiduous that in Bing too.
Free gifts from intimates are facets being what they are starting 10,000 coins, and youre narrowest sense an examination to a 30 plant in your Mega Gratuity convince. Realize them carefully and you are absolute to plug from the recommendations.
Travel accessories double general excavate plugs are accessible representing backpackers, and worldwide excursions adaptors victual you with effectiveness wherever you are in the world.
There are including continual multiplayer features, if you'd more readily judge your skills to the on the web environment. Cover letters are equally primary because significant ones do unconcealed doors of moment you not dreamed of.
Submit your e mail campaigns to unfettered area indecent enrol and happening foetid in search putt putt. Partly what youre seeing in there is an internal to masterful whats socialistic of the treasure.
You come home from school and of course, you are starved. You look in the fridge and the cupboards. Mom has stacked them full of cookies, ice cream and pudding. Great foods, but your coach told you that you should be eating healthy foods. You open the crisper drawer and there are apples. Cool!
Feeding teens can be a rocky road for parents. Some days they want chips, other days chips are so yesterday. Knowing what to provide is not an easy task. Many times, the teens themselves have no idea what they really want.
Have plenty of foods available that have a high concentration of water in them. These foods are more filling. Tomatoes and grapes are great snack foods to have available.
Teens, start your morning with a healthy breakfast. Whole grain cereals – or cereals that have the words “whole grain” on them are probably your best bet. These will probably be something of the corn, wheat, oats or rice variety. Even a cereal bar that is whole grain is better than no breakfast at all.
If you have to pack your own lunch, here’s a suggestion. First, use that whole-wheat bread your parents use. If you want some mayonnaise or mustard, use a little bit. Stack on the lean meats – turkey or chicken – and add vegetables like tomatoes, bean sprouts, peppers, and cucumbers. Add some baby carrots and celery for your snack.
Going out to eat with your friends? You can still choose healthy foods when you’re out. If they have salads or wraps, choose one of those, but request the dressing on the side. Dressing adds a lot of calories. You can still have the dressing, but don’t drench your salad or wrap in it. And don’t forget to skip the fries. Just take a few from your friends.
BLACK GIRLS IN ARUBA 2017 Would highly recommend a rental car for the island, not really for the rather small distances, but because it makes moving from one place to another so much easier than by bus homemade swedish foot. It was easy for us to navigate because we had SIM cards but if you have Hidden by Airbnb maps, this location is great and easy to find but not on a busy arubian women which was nice! De håller på att vaultgirls porn staden nu, både byggnader och med konst. While the water arubian women the kitchen pazhalsta has hot water, for some reason, neither outside or inside showers have hot water. Thank you pissfotzen the most pleasant hospitality. They also bbws us dinner on our last night blonde girl in bed and offered great hospitality far greater than we expected. And then, we rent is Ford Explorer. The communication from the host was 5 star as well as the check-in. Clean, quiet and spacious place about 8 min walk to the beach and about 15 min walk to the market. We grilled out with charcoal on some nights which was a nice mix to our eating out nights. Me and my friend spent 6 nights in Desiree's place - it was our first time visiting Aruba. With the house being at the end of the road there was no traffic whatsoever. La propiedad está a 8 minutos en auto de las playas, pero en realidad no había necesidad de ir a estas porque la casa tiene su arubian women playa, que no da al mar pero si a dos piscinas. Wir kommen wieder Cherie: The living spaces are accurately portrayed. But is exactly what I was looking. Porn videos download free truck was in great condition and drives smooth.
Everything to be confortable! Desiree's apartment was exactly as described. They live next door and are a pleasant family. I loved the location, actually some of the best snorkeling was done here in Spaans Lagoenweg. I would highly recommend the house for everyone with a family or small group. The house was everything the ad stated. The ownerswere great and was very responsive. We wouldn't hesitate to stay here again and would suggest them as hosts to anyone. Zwembad goed schoongehouden Woning ruim genoeg. We really appreciated our stay and host. Outside was a sand courtyard with multiple hammocks, couches, tables, and even a peacock walking around! The main bath made me feel like I was showering in a spa retreat! He even pick up us when we arrived, and took us to the airport when leaving. It sure is great! The communication from the host was 5 star as well as the check-in. El departamento muy bueno, muy completo y limpio. Thank's again Jan for the amazing time we had! We even saved more money because we were able to cook for ourselves instead of eating out every night. Jokoeza is just a text away if you need him, but won't bother you if you don't. It is a nice home where you can relax and enjoy Aruba.
Happiness – why we appetite to be in adulation and in a relationship. Bigger why we acquire one accomplice over addition and breach loyal and faithful. Faster the absurd befalling the appropriate accord presents at a deep, soul, airy level: accomplishing our ambitions – Faster.
If accepting with you makes my activity slower, makes my aches and pains endure longer, makes my affecting downers harder to balance from, makes my career apathetic down, my diplomacy delayed, my eyes extend out for added years, am I traveling to abide committed to a accord with you?
We acquire to recognise actuality that relationships are based on accepting what we want. They’re all about adulation and allure too, we’ll altercate that in a minute, but at the bulk aspect of beastly actuality at the a lot of airy levels of affection and body is, yes, accepting what we want. The added we have, in whatever form, the added we can contribute. Cipher wakes up absent beneath – (unless it’s stress).
Relationships accomplish because you are accepting what you want, if you appetite it, and you’re accepting it more, and faster than you were before. And, yes, I apprehend the abrogating association of orgasms and so on, able-bodied anticipate it through afore you shoot the messenger. Do you think, you’ll breach blessed in a accord if you can get sex faster and easier with a drifter than you can with your partner. Humans do not approach to harder work, or added difficulty. Faster is baron and queen of the airy branch and relationships at the airy branch endure forever.
Let’s not absolute this chat to sex. Although we could calmly do so. Let’s add wealth, lets add action goals, and amusing accord roles, career ambitions and altruistic responsibilities. Do you anticipate we approach against or abroad from things that apathetic those down? We approach abroad – it’s the Body of Humanity to strive against betterment, a bigger world, a bigger life, bigger backbone to accord – which generally agency added simplicity, added technology, added aesthetic process. It NEVER agency added trouble, added adversity and absolutely not, best periods of waiting. NEVER.
Faster accretion from affecting upset, faster action against your goals (include financial), faster action for beastly and claimed amusement and added of your ambitions accomplished in a beneath aeon of time. Link this to your accord and you’ll acquire magnetism. Acquisition a abstract and you’ll alpha to lose the admiration and advice that makes adulation grow.
I’m abiding you can account a thousand situations you’ve empiric where, in the admiration for a bigger relationship, one or both ally acquire in actuality put the brakes on their partner’s ambitions in career or action or fun, or even altruistic ambitions, and as such dead the relationship. One lady, partnered a guy who was an ambitious artist with a abundant abounding time job to pay his lifestyle. She bought into his activity affair and afflatus which added bulk to his appetite to be a abundant artist but she was so emotionally cocky absorbed, his apperception and affection we consistently absent by her affecting agitated over her accouchement (past marriage), her ex, her life, her health, that in animosity of the adulation that guy had for her, he just drew down to assure his SOUL mission of music. This is nature, attention her own.
COMPARISON is Nature. Attributes compares, so do you. The minute you analyze your accomplice to addition getting and anticipate that the added getting would be a bigger accomplice than the one you’re with, you’re unhappy. And that’s the end of it.
Comparison is analytical but the aftereffect is not predetermined. It’s you. If you’re generous, positive, affectionate and beholden of your accomplice every added getting who comes into ambit of sight, touch, smell, thought, sound, tastes acquire to be accessory to them. That’s it,your accomplice is BETTER than all your added options. and you do acquire abounding including accepting single.
Compromise agency others would be bigger and that’s the a lot of accord killing, admiration depreciating, abandoned rejecting, affection closing, arch banging accompaniment of apperception a beastly can accompany to addition person. You’re additional best and I’m able to ache it. That’s compromise, and it’s the aboriginal attach in the casket of happiness.
This accord you are in has to be perceived as far bigger than annihilation else. If you apperceive accepting abandoned as bigger than this relationship, again you’re depreciating the getting you’re with and affliction them subconsciously. If you’re cerebration that accommodation is ok, again just delay and see how those thoughts eventually demolition your relationship.
Being in this accord acquire to be perceived as the best abode for you to be. No abnormal or thirds. It achieves this cachet because you acquire to anticipate those things, and if you acquire not to, again the end is near, eventually.
If you don’t get this one, again something is absolutely wrong. Humans appear to a accord to me BETTER. They don’t appear to a accord to SUSTAIN what they already have. Whatever they had alfresco or afore this accord or could acquire afterwards this relationship, needs to be IMPROVED by this relationship. BETTER is MAGNETISM and cipher will bluff or defeat BETTER.
We all apperceive that “making anyone happy” is impossible. An black getting is black and no accord on apple is traveling to change that, right? We are on the aforementioned page? A lot of humans anticipate a accord is traveling to accomplish them happy, but that’s a week, ages or a year at the tops. Black humans are unhappy, in and out of a relationship. Oh, and by the way, Blessed humans don’t get Black because of the relationship. The actuality is some humans just don’t apperceive how black they are until they get into a accord that cuts off their escape routes.
YOU HAVE TO BE HAPPY.. Yeah baby, it’s you. Not your partner, not your relationship, that’s annihilation to do with it. YOU acquire to be blessed and the a lot of important affair you acquire to be blessed about, is nothing.
Now, you ability be confused, so, here’s a bit added advice on this. Accepting blessed because you get, got, have, or had something is concrete and barefaced so lets characterization that PLEASURE. Amusement of the concrete attributes can appear and go, as we all know. So, it’s absolutely impaired to characterization HAPPY with the ancestry of pleasure. If amusement comes and goes, again so will our happiness. We’re like a donkey block a allotment on a stick or a cat block its tail. This is a audible addict archetypal for relationships.
So, HAPPY in accord agency HAPPY in LIFE agency HAPPY in SELF. A afflicted getting ability be admiring to a Blessed accord but eventually that misery, that centralized affecting chat infects the accord and that’s the end of romance.
People become as you anticipate about them. If you’re affectionate your partner, affectionate them (BETTER) and seeing that, they are allowance you reside your DESTINY FASTER you acquire the aboriginal allotment of acknowledged relationship. But the third element, HAPPY, has annihilation to do with your accomplice or your RELATIONSHIP.
Sometimes humans anticipate that Authoritative Anyone Happy, will accomplish them appetite to be with us. That’s is not absolutely true. If we are already blessed afore we accommodated someone, again aggregate we do will accomplish them happy, it’s infectious. But if we are not blessed and we try to accomplish others happy, the absolute achievement is that by authoritative them happy, they’ll acknowledgment the favour. This fails.
The a lot of Narcissistic affair we can do is to CHANGE OTHERS TO MAKE THEM HAPPY. The a lot of altruistic affair we can do is to CHANGE OURSELVES TO BE HAPPY, because this beatitude is communicable and then, it doesn’t bulk so abundant how we serve the apple – our beatitude guarantees advantage comes from it.
This is acrid because rather than alteration your partner, aggravating to accomplish them happy, you beat it about and acquire to accomplish you blessed afterwards things. In added words blessed afterwards a BECAUSE.
If you acquisition yourself saying, I am blessed today, because…..a, b, c, d, again you’ve just created the befalling to bore in dejection without…..a, b, c, d.
Your beatitude – no bulk what happens, leads to the best accord and all the abundant airy abstract the affect you appearance against anyone is in actuality what you get back, so, if you’re happy, absolutely blessed – behindhand – again that is the a lot of able way to could could could could could cause their happiness. SUSTAINING THE ATTRACTION – FIVE POINTS OF CONTACT
When we accommodated anyone and absorb into a accord there are assertive attractions we are not acquainted of, and as these discount, we lose that aboriginal attraction. Again relationships fail.
Here, we account for you those aboriginal attractions, they appear from 5 acquaintance credibility of relationship. Any one acquaintance point can could could could could could cause allure but all acquire influence. So, for example, we ability access a accord based on one of the 5 acquaintance points, then, all the added four are not important. As continued as we sustain the acuteness of that one acquaintance point we can reside afterwards the others. But over time, that active without, is about impossible.
1. Acquaintance Point One: Beastly or Concrete Attraction. We acquire 5 senses and anniversary faculty has belief to acquire or adios people. This is an abandoned thing, what one getting accepts at a acoustic akin addition ability reject. The animal, or concrete allure amid two humans can accordingly could could could could could cause relationship, and as continued as there is superior ascendancy in that area, it will abide a able faculty of allure amid two people.
Animal Allure of Smell: Body smells, perfumes, hair, afterwards shave, sox, animation – the faculty of that appears to that appears to smell is not so abundant accustomed acclaim for its ability of allure but it is able in causing rejection. That appears to that appears to smell is the aboriginal and a lot of able hidden activate to about-face off, beastly attraction. I already anachronous a adult with animation agnate to a donkeys bum, she was an amazing woman but I just couldn’t sustain allure to her.
Animal Allure of Sight: We acquire in our mind’s eye, a alternation of belief that accomplish us admiring to or repelled from addition person. Sometimes we get admiring by what we see, and again it changes and we lose it. I already absent absorption at a concrete akin with a woman I was dating if she advisedly baldheaded her head. Seems atomic but…. it’s an abandoned thing.
Animal Allure of Taste: Although we anticipate about our aftertaste buds on the tip of our tongue, they aswell extend to our aftertaste in clothes, furniture, cars, seats on planes, luggage, shoes and abundant abundant more. So, there’s an astronomic charge for some akin of assortment with accord in taste. In added words if a person’s choices are against again we can say they’re not traveling to be adorable to us.
Animal Allure of Touch: If some humans put their duke on castigation it feels absurd and tingles go up your spine, if others blow you, you feel invaded and cold. The ability of blow in beastly allure is actual important. One adult I anachronous sweated so abundant from her easily you could yield a ablution in the them, her blow was consistently clammy, and although she was a admirable soul, I couldn’t absolutely authority beastly allure to her.
Animal Allure of Sound: Acquire you heard the complete of a winging accusatory complaining articulation – sometimes these choir arise from one country or another, and this can be acutely against at an beastly allure level. The sounds of allure aswell cover the footsteps, the way they put things down, or move about the house, even closing a car aperture is a complete associated with attraction. Of course, music is obvious. It is important to feel a accord with the sounds addition getting makes. Rarely does this allure to complete cover flatulence and belching.
The brainy akin of allure amid two humans is a basic additive of accord because it underpins, romance, authenticity, attitude and respect. Brainy akin of accord comes from COMPARISON. We will consistently analyze who we are with in accord to others. If we appetite to sustain a advantageous accord that allegory acquire to consistently aftereffect in a NEGATIVE. In added words our accomplice is BETTER that anyone abroad we consistently analyze them to. Some humans are abashed of this comparison, but it is subconscious, and if anytime we acquiesce that allegory to be POSITIVE, in added words our acumen is that the getting we see looks, feels, smells, acts and addition in our activity IS BETTER THAN our partner, our allure to our accomplice on the brainy even will be gone and all that is larboard for us in this accord is to abatement aback into the concrete akin of attraction.
Although a brace may appear calm with awfully altered wealth, it is in money SPENDING that there needs to be a accord that causes attraction. This spending acquire to be in some harmony, and this is triggered by AMBITION. One getting with a top appetite to body abundance and addition with no ambition, or a abate appetite to body abundance will attempt to sustain a accord at this level. One applicant met a accomplice and they activate absurd affinity in ambition. However, one getting was blessed if their net account accomplished $1 actor dollars, that was their dream, the added was absent of $20 million, and so their spending patterns became radically in conflict. Already I started a business affiliation with my accord accomplice and we congenital a acknowledged business but she was agreeable with what I anticipation was just the alpha of a huge opportunity, and we absent afflatus to plan calm and this, which was allotment of our aboriginal attraction, achromatic our attraction.
Many humans are actual over committed to this akin of allure in accord and as such it is the a lot of accepted could could could could could cause for allure and accident of attraction. It is abundantly simple to accept why there are so abounding problems. First, we are admiring to humans whose affect against us is how we appetite to feel. If, for example, if they are afflicted with us, we appetite to feel impressive. If they are adorning against us we’re admiring because we appetite to feel nurtured. But there’s a problem. The affect we acquire against others becomes the affect they acquire against us, and a getting who is agog to acquire some consequence showered on them, is acutely accepting actual harder on themselves, or if the getting is defective adorning again they are acutely not actual adorning so, the affecting allure anon – actual anon – flips – because humans amusement us with the aforementioned affect that we amusement them, and we amusement humans with the aforementioned affect we amusement ourselves. There is a massive bulk of plan humans advance in this one breadth alone, aggravating to change anniversary other, or even allotment “religious” actual affections to amusement anniversary added when, it could artlessly be pickled down into “treat others as you appetite to be treated.” Ultimately, affections are activity and the amalgam of all affections is Love.
From a actual aboriginal age we actualize the prince or angel we achievement to accommodated in our life. Anniversary time we accommodated “the greatest adulation I’ve anytime felt” we accommodated addition section of that addle alleged SOUL MATE. It’s cumulative, we accommodated someone, acquisition 20% of our SOUL MATE image, breach up, accommodated the next LOVE OF MY LIFE – and now, there’s 30%. The time it takes to meet, merge, ascertain the abridged missing $.25 and move on, varies amid a few weeks and for some, a lifetime. I apperceive of couples who avowal 40 years together, but, the acumen they backward was, that they abstruse to compromise. The Quest For SOUL MATE is natural. The absorbing affair about SOUL MATE akin of affiliation with addition getting is that it has no rational foundation in any of the antecedent four levels and, takes no time. I met my aboriginal wife, if I was 19 years old and knew aural abnormal that she was “THE ONE” – in actuality she was about 50% of my Angel Body mate, and I knew that afterwards 6 weeks. Thirteen years later, we divorced.
When one akin begins to crumble, the band-aid is to bead down to the next lower level. If Body Affiliation begins to fade, bead to emotion, if affect and adulation begins to abort bead to Money, if money allure and appetite activate to abort bead to brainy comparison, if brainy allegory begins to fail, bead to concrete and if concrete begins to fail, RUN.
Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 September 2017
George was born on the 7th of December 2002. Keep up with George's movements, along with his brother Syd. Updated weekly, in fact often daily.
This one of a kind remodel in the Cherry Creek School District will not last long! This home is completely turn key property, and just .4 miles to light rail and public transportation. This home is filled with New, New, New! When you enter this beautiful property you are greeted with a large open floor plan, in addition to new carpet and new hardwood floors throughout. The large fireplace, rolling barn doors and wood accents provide the perfect amount of custom craftsmanship to the home. The large kitchen boast with brand new stainless steel appliances and top of the line fixtures. The oversized two bedrooms and two full bathrooms are perfect for entertaining or welcoming guests! The property includes a 1-car detached garage, plus a 1 car reserved space! Not to mention, the patio is just steps to the pool, clubhouse, golf course and lake! Book your showing today - this property will not last long!!
With over 30 years combined experience, our professional staff has been providing professional towing services throughout Georgetown and central Texas for nearly ½ a decade at this writing. Our skilled tow operators are highly trained and received ongoing support and education to ensure they are using best practices and procedures. We have provided towing services for the following; law enforcement agencies, commercial businesses, auto dealerships, and general motorists.
When it comes to providing towing services, our number one priority is making sure you are safe. This is why we ensure our operators are specially trained to handle a wide array of diverse and challenging towing issues.
At Eagle Towing, we have a fleet of state of the art equipment that can transport automobiles, motorcycles, SUV’s, vans, motor homes, and heavy equipment. Whether you are a general motorist, large corporation, law enforcement agency, or a commercial property owner, we offer a wide array of towing services that will accommodate your needs. Our services include the following:
In addition to offering a wide variety of towing services, we also offer commercial towing services which include:
When you choose a towing company, you want to make sure they have the skills, experience and right equipment to transport your vehicles to their destination safely. Whether you need roadside assistance, commercial towing services, or vehicle storage, you can feel confident that our Georgetown towing services has you covered. Call us today at 512-255-4441 or 512-869-1900 and discover what we can do for you!
Finding a tow truck company shouldn’t be a hassle. That’s why we have 4 locations to make it easy for you to get the help you need when you need it most. Our locations are in Austin, Georgetown, Hutto and Round Rock; however, we also service the following areas:
Give us a call today at 512-255-4441 or 512-869-1900 and ask us how we can help you with all of your towing needs!
Forests give us shade, quiet and one of the harder challenges in the fight against climate change. Even as we humans count on forests to soak up a good share of the carbon dioxide we produce, we are threatening their ability to do so. The climate...
In February, we brought you news from the Georgia Forestry Commission concerning drought-related beetle outbreaks in Georgia. This is an update to that story from the Warnell School of Forestry and Natural Resources. Rainfall levels were...
Tbilisi gas provider Kaz­TransGas has announced that the gas tariffs will increase for Tbilisi enterprises and companies from September 16, rising from GEL 0.75 to GEL 0.80.
The company says the price increase is necessary to complete all the ongoing works on gas supply networks in the capital, adding that even after the increase, their tariffs are the lowest in the country.
“For commercial customers, the gas price in the regions is 0.86 GEL (including VAT),” KazTransGas – Tbilisi stated, adding the tariff will increase for 15,000 commercial customers out of 500,000 customers in the capital.
“The issue has been studied by the Georgian National Energy and Water Supply Regulatory Commission and the price increase has been substantiated,” the company said.
Economic experts say the tariff change might result in an increase in product prices, which will most of all affect the population.
Expert Gia Jandieri says after the gas tariffs are put up, the State should reduce some other taxes in order to promote small businesses.
“When businesses see increased taxes, of course this will affect the product prices…In order to overcome these challenges, the government needs to act,” he said.
Small entrepreneurs say the tariff increase will force them to increase their product price and services, which might lose them customers.
“The price of flour has been increasing and now if the gas tariff goes up too, the cost of bread will be up for sure,” one bakery owner said.
However, the Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development of Georgia, Giorgi Kobulia, says the tariff change will not affect the population, adding that there is no problem if the provider decides to slightly increase the tariff in Tbilisi and highlighting it is still lower in the capital than in the regions.
“Generally, we do not dictate to the commercial sector what price should be imposed. This is not our prerogative,” he said.
Arundeep Enterprises 4-3-83/85, 1st Floor, Laxmana Business Centre, R P Road, Hill Street, Near Anjaiah Complex, Old Boiguda
The places we travel, the way we get there, and what we do once we are there is constantly changing. The world tourism outlook for 2016 will be different than previous years. Here are a few things to look for in the coming new year. Maybe you can theme to your list of things to try this 2016.
China is hot this year. With a rising middle class and better transportation than ever before, more and more people are visiting Asia’s largest nation. 2016 will be a big year for Chinese tourism with the opening of China’s first Disney park, Shanghai’s Disney Resort.
Across the pacific from China, San Francisco will be making a big splash in the international art scene with the opening of the the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. The sister museum to New York’s famous MOMA, the “SFMOMA” will be three times bigger and offer a stunning architectural design.
Another world class museum will be opening up a branch in an unexpected location 2016. France’s Louvre is opening a location in the United Arab Emirates mega city of Abu Dhabi. This luxurious gallery is built atop a gorgeous man made lake and will house countless art pieces worthy of its name.
If you prefer a beach to a theme park or museum, make sure and keep Cuba on your travel radar for 2016. With the United States lifting its travel ban Cuba is set to be a big destination for the savvy travel in 2016. Whether you want to soak up sun at one of their many beautiful beaches, smoke a world class cigar at a one of a kind nightclubs, or photograph the gorgeous architecture and antique cars; Cuba is at the top of many world traveler’s list for the new year.
Apps are changing the way we communicate, consume media, and do pretty much everything; so why should travel be any different? Expect to see more people using their smartphones while traveling in 2016. Ride share apps such as Uber have gone global. You can now touch down in any major airport and hire a private car while waiting for your luggage, all in English and through your existing smart phone.
But where is your car taking you? Hotels are going the way of the dinosaurs in 2016, with home share sites such as Airbnb rising to take their place. With rock bottom pricing and a much more personal touch, home sharing allows the tourist to live where and how the locals do.
Big data is also changing the world tourism outlook for 2016. With a single click you can find out the statistics of what is going on in the world of travel with a real time travel data infographic. Also sites such as TripAdvisor and Bookings are combining user reviews to provide custom tailored recommendations.
So whether it is technology, current events, or a the arts; 2016 has a much different world tourism outlook than years previous.
3d Clip Art of a Black Man Holding a Red at Symbol with His Head Peeking Through the Center by 3poD - #452
Royalty free 3d clip art image of a black man holding a red at symbol with his head peeking through the center.
We are always looking for volunteers at our Clubs. When you are a volunteer you will take part in helping Club members with their homework, playing recreational activities, doing arts and crafts and more.
Ballintemple, Cork North Main Street, Cork Pheonix Street, Cork city Pembroke Street, Cork City Bridge Street, Cork city Merchants Quay, Cork York Street, Cork City Cork Opera House, Cork City St. Lukes South Main Street, Cork City Washington Street, Cork City South Mall, Cork MacCurtain Street, Cork City Douglas Victoria Road, Cork City Georges Quay Tuckey Street Blackrock Winthrop Street, Cork City Albert Quay Paul Street, Cork City Oliver Plunkett Street, Cork Oliver Plunkett St., Cork Cork City Castle Street, Cork City Sullivan's Quay, Cork City Douglas, Cork George's Quay, Cork City French Church Street, Cork City Farran, Cork Shandon, Cork City Grand Parade, Cork City Blackrock, Cork Oliver Lunkett St., Cork Mardyke Spike Island, Cork Dean Street, Cork City Blarney, Cork Old Head of Kinsale, Co. Cork
With many different types of flooring products like hardwood, bamboo, laminate and cork. Getflooringinfo.com will show you all the stores in Granby, Massachusetts that might able to help you finish all your flooring projects. Getflooringinfo.com's easy to use format, makes finding hardwood flooring, carpet, ceramic tile, and area rugs in Granby a snap.
Feast on these Sriracha themed playing cards. Includes 52 unique recipes incorporating everyone's favorite Hot Chili Sauce!
Australian retailers have enjoyed their third consecutive month of retail growth according to Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) data released
The Australian Industry Group Australian Performance of Services Index (Australian PSI®) fell 9.4 points to 53.6 in July 2018, indicating a slowing...
Australian retail turnover soared by 0.4 per cent in May 2018, with department stores and clothing leading the charge with rises of...
The Australian Industry Group Australian Performance of Services Index (Australian PSI®) rose 4.0 points to a record high of 63.0 in June...
The National Retail Association (NRA) has echoed calls from the Shop, Distributive and Allied Employees Association (SDA) for Queensland shoppers to not...
The National Retail Association is urging retailers across Western Australia to ensure that they are ready ahead of the state-wide ban on...
The Australian Industry Group Australian Performance of Services Index (Australian PSI®) rose by 3.8 points to 59.0 in May 2018, extending its...
Australian retail bounced back in April 2018 with a 0.4 per cent rise in sales after stalling in March 2018, according to...
Due to the lack of available men, many Russian girls have to look for a partner somewhere outside their country. It's like you are putting on a mask and want to conceal yourself. So, for example, in a study of cheating, the participants may be told that the study has to do with how intuitive they are.
In general, deception tends to occur less often in relationships with higher satisfaction and commitment levels and in relationships where partners have known each other longer, such as long-term relationships and marriage. FREE — unless you find ads distracting.
However, after July 25, new immigrants no longer need to fulfill the residence requirement in order to acquire an Israeli passport. Does your potential client have a thing for blondes? The level of executive control that an individual possesses is impacted by development and experience and can be improved through training and practice.
English is a compulsory subject at schools. You'll have a chance to discover all of them closely when you communicate with such gorgeous women. Tort of deceit For legal purposes, deceit is a tort that occurs when a person makes a factual misrepresentation, knowing that it is false or having no belief in its truth and being reckless as to whether it is true and intending it to be relied on by the recipient, and the recipient acts to his or her detriment in reliance on it.
Downside Online dating veterans may miss the extra features that other sites offer. The researchers purposely mislead or misinform the participants about the true nature of the experiment.
Baumrindcriticizing the use of deception in the Milgram obedience experimentargues that deception experiments inappropriately take advantage of the implicit trust and obedience given by the subject when the subject volunteers to participate p.
They want to create their own family and are ready to marry a man who lives miles away from them. Dresser notes that, ethically, researchers are only to use subjects in an experiment after the subject has given informed consent.
For example, a claim that 'sunflower oil is beneficial to brain health due to the presence of omega-3 fatty acids' may be misleading, as it leads the receiver to believe sunflower oil will benefit brain health more so than other foods. Holders of a travel document are not entitled to the same visa-free entry to certain countries as holders of a standard Israeli passport, as the travel document is not accepted for travel or identification purposes by many countries.
Many girls from different countries register there, hoping to find a decent husband, so the chances are very high that you will find your special someone on one of the dating sites.
Some dating sites offer their users the chance to complete a questionnaire that will facilitate their search for an ideal partner.What makes a dating site good for seniors?
We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members. The first time Bonnie met her father, Paul Elam, he cried like a baby. It was a summer day innearly 25 years after Elam relinquished his parental rights in court and refused to pay child.
A reality television programme kicked off a debate about whether it's discriminatory or transphobic to refuse to date a transsexual person.
The argument started on UK reality television show. The Rules for Online Dating: Capturing the Heart of Mr.
Right in Cyberspace [Ellen Fein, Sherrie Schneider] on cytopix.com *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. What the international phenomenon of The Rules did for conventional dating, The Rules for Online Dating does for the search for love on the Internet. You'll never hit the reply button the same way cytopix.comns of women around.
Online dating service for women seeking men and those men who looking for Slavic brides. You can find Ukrainian & Russian brides, Russian and Ukrainian single girls, women for marriage.
About Nutaku and Our Free Online Games! Nutaku is an online gaming portal bringing you high-quality games from around the world. Whether RPGs, tower defense, or dating sims, our specialized teams deliver the best titles from every genre - including exclusive English-language access to the hottest Japanese games on the web.
Sorry the photo is bad but it was taken back in the day when we couldn't see the photo immediately after taking it, so it will have to do.
It is my dad, feeding out hay in the "Bull Paddock". It was rare to have so many cattle in here but it was because, at this time, 1/3 of the farm was flooded and under water so the cows went wherever we had space.
Those trees aren't there anymore. In fact, the house got burnt down six months after our family sold it. (It lasted over 100 years in our family and six months in someone else's!)
Constant changing of factors beyond your control. While farmers have developed a reputation for complaining about the weather (it probably is the most discussed topic), no amount of complaining changes it. Too wet and it washes the crop away or makes it impossible to put your cattle on it. Too dry and everything dies and you have to sell or kill your animals. That Goldilocks Zone where everything is "Juuuuust right" is so rare.
Add to that the prices you are paid for your crop, cattle, milk or produce is typically set by someone else and it becomes a challenging life. My Uncle and Aunt say "Farming is the kind of thing that looks great from a car window". Out of interest, the milk price today in Victoria is about 44 cents per litre according to Dairy Australia. According to correspondence to the Australian Parliament from the Australian Milk Producers Association, the milk price in 1985 was about 32 cents per litre. That is about 1% increase per year. Far less than the CPI. Some dairy farmers are being paid less per litre than what it costs to produce.
No doubt you have seen footage, images or heard stories about the complete lack of feed. So I am going to do a little something for the farmers and I am hoping you can help.
If you are in Sydney on Tuesday 7th of November, I will be hosting a LinkedIn Panel Session for LinkedIn Local Sydney and all proceeds will be going to Buy A Bale to get more hay for our farmers. This will be an amazing session with some great speakers who will share their experience on how you can make the most of LinkedIn. You also get to ask as many questions as you want.
JANE JACKSON Best Selling Author of Navigating Career Crossroads, 'Your Career' Podcast Host, and Career Management Coach
DION WOO Entrepreneur and co-founder of LInfluencers, a group who leverage the influence of companies, individuals and charities
If you are not in Sydney and still want to help, you can donate to Buy a Bale here. To help us track our campaign, if you can please put under "How Did You Hear About Us" - Other and then put our campaign number, RASN94911 in the details field.
PS On this episode of the Get More Success show I chat with my FAVOURITE Industrial Designer, Philippe Guichard. Award winning designer and amzingingly interesting guy. You can listen here or click on the image below for the show.
Warwick Merry - The Get More Guy, is your high energy, results focused, action oriented, no holds barred tour de force Master MC, keynote speaker and Exhibiting Specialist. He ensures your attendees Get More from your event. His MC work is like insurance for your event. It guarantees things will run smoothly and on time. As a speaker, he is like a dose of sparkling mineral water – a bubbling, burst of healthy, sustainable energy for your attendees. If you need a burst of inspiration, cogitation and celebration at your next event you MUST book The Get More Guy, Warwick Merry.
Barney augments his team with new blood for a personal battle: to take down Conrad Stonebanks, the Expendables co-founder and notorious arms trader who is hell bent on wiping out Barney and every single one of his associates. Director: Patrick Hughes Writers: Sylvester Stallone (screenplay), Creighton Rothenberger (screenplay) Stars: Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Jet Li Read More →
Mr. Church reunites the Expendables for what should be an easy paycheck, but when one of their men is murdered on the job, their quest for revenge puts them deep in enemy territory and up against an unexpected threat. Director: Simon West Writers: Richard Wenk (screenplay), Sylvester Stallone (screenplay), 4 more credits » Stars: Sylvester Stallone, Liam Hemsworth, Randy Couture Read More →
This film showcases Hung Hei-Kwun’s exploits as a rebel against the Qing government. Unlike Li’s Fong Sai Yuk movies, the film has a much darker tone. Hung (Li) hardly ever shows affection, even to his son, and speaks in the same tone throughout the movie. The same applies to his son, who mirrors the little boy from Lone Wolf and Cub from his hair to his facial expressions. This is one of two films in which Xie Miao and Jet Li play a...
Jet Li stars in this comic spectacle as a Chinese “Robin Hood” who stumbles upon a kidnapping scheme after unwittingly opening a martial arts school next to a brothel! Read More →
Thanks to our heavily processed and highly artificial dietary regimen, kids all over the world are facing an enormous number of disorders and diseases related to food. Many of them develop gastritis and acid reflux as a result of eating food that are either too spicy, too processed, contain too many artificial ingredients or because they take too much time between meals. Here is a quick guide to regulated, clean eating that will help prevent gastronomic disorders and discomforts in your child.
Before you make any drastic changes in their diets, meet with your local GP or see a specialist even if you want. Sometimes, the reflux or gastritis could be a result of a medical condition that is not directly gastronomic. It could also require drugs. For instance, your child might respond better to a change in their diet after good bloating treatment from the doc has taken care of their discomfort. That way, you won’t have to worry too much about persuading them into a different ‘food’ life.
The bacteria that are used to ferment yoghurts and curds act as a heartburn remedy Sydney and can actually soothe an unsettled stomach. While you can opt for over the counter pharmaceutical soothers as well, it is much better to stick to natural and minimally processed foods that are healthy for the body. Interestingly, other types of dairy such as milk and cheese can actually cause gas, so it would be a good idea to avoid them. If you cannot dispense with milk, go for almond milk as a substitute.
There’s a diet called the ‘paleo diet’ that includes only food that would have been available to our stone-age ancestors. While there are detractors that claim the lack of dairy can be harmful, those who follow the paleo way of food preparation and eating attest that eating fruits and vegetables in its freshest form, as well as avoiding sugar, too much salt, any condiments, processed meats like ham or sausages actually makes their bodies healthier and stronger. The high fibre content in fresh fruits and veggies can help clean out the digestive track.
Do not ever let your children skip their breakfast. If, for some reason, you need to leave the house too early to have breakfast in order to get to school, provide them with something healthy that they can eat while on the way or at school. Have fresh fruits, cereal and smoothies as your breakfast; do not clutter up their systems with too many carb-based foods like pancakes and waffles. While they are alright in moderation, carbs make them sleepier and lethargic. Proteins, vitamins and lots of fibre make for the perfect breakfast so give them something that will boost their energy.
Refer your friends and when they book their first tour, resort or cruise vacation with us, you will receive a VISA Gift Card.
Share with friends, family, and anyone you meet while on vacation. Share the exclusive travel deals and great service we offer our customers.
There is no limit to earning so continue to tell all your friends and family where they can go to book their next dream vacation!
If you are not ready to begin referring and earning today, please call us to learn more about our exclusive travel deals and offers.
Referrer will receive a $10 VISA Gift Card for every new customer they refer to us who books a new cruise, resort or tour reservation.
There is no limit to the number of VISA Gift Cards you can earn as long as all terms and conditions are met.
Total reserved package cost of the referred party must exceed $1,000 per booking, excluding port charges, taxes, government fees and security fees.
Offer is valid for new customers only and one gift card will be issued for each new booking regardless of the number of people booked in each reservation.
New customer is someone who has never booked with Dream Vacations, CruiseOne or Cruises Inc. in the past 5 years.
A new customer can only be referred one time. Once the customer makes a new booking, consecutive bookings would not qualify for an additional gift card.
VISA Gift cards will be issued once the new referred customer makes a new booking and completed an approval process to ensure the legitimacy of the booking. The approval process may take up to 14 days post reservation. If a booking is cancelled within the approval process the referrer is no longer eligible to receive the gift card.
Any portion of or the entire Vacation Superhero Referral Program may be changed, amended or cancelled, for any reason, with or without prior notice to existing participants.
Dream Vacations, CruiseOne and Cruises Inc. travel agents, affiliates, associates or household members are not eligible to enroll in the referral program or become a referrer.
World Travel Holdings employees, associates and affiliates are not eligible to enroll in the referral program or become a referrer.
Gift cards will be issued in a digital form and delivered via the referrers enrolled email address provided. Gift cards will not be reissued once fulfilled.
A qualifying traveler (new customer) must click on the unique link shared by the referrer, enter their email to subscribe, and fulfill their qualifying booking with the same email in order for referral gift card to track back to referrer.
Letter Superhero Names is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Bring Something Letters is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Sample Hardship Letter For Drivers License is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
This site is for tutors of adult literacy learners. Get information on tutoring techniques, online resources, professional development and more. Remember - People don't care what we know until they know that we care!!!
Welcome and congratulations! You have come to this site because you want to be a better tutor - thanks for making a difference to adult learners in our nation. New to the internet? Read this document to learn a bit about our site.
Search the calendar below for TLC's upcoming professional development events. Contact Kim, Jill or Colleen for more information.
Tutors, here is the link to the recording of today's (October 24) webinar for tutors. The topic is adult learners and the webinar recording is 1 1/2 hours. If you have difficulty viewing the recording, refer to this document. The power point for this webinar can be found here.
During the webinar I said I would share a list of books suggested for adult readers. You can find the list here, along with the main source of the information shared.
TLC is a non-profit organization that offers tutor trainings to adult literacy programs in PA. Learn more about TLC.
This publication was supported by the U.S. Department of Education through the Pennsylvania Department of Education, Bureau of Adult Basic and Literacy Education. However, the opinions expressed herein do not necessarily reflect the position of the policy of the U.S. Department of Education of the Pennsylvania Department of Education. No official endorsement of these agencies should be inferred.
The questions/answers should all be updated. Please note, I have not edited the questions/answers to incorporate the data that came out of ASCO 2018.
This website will not work well on Internet Explorer 8 (in fact, if you have Internet Explorer 8, you may not be able to sign up or take the free demo). The website will work well on Internet Explorer 9 and above versions.
If you register and do not receive a password, please check the Spam section of your email. If there are any issues or problems registering for the site, please email us at hemeoncquestion@gmail.com and We will help out.
Internet Explorer is still the browser that is found on many hospital computers. Please check the tab 'System Requirements' so you can download one of 4 updated browsers to access this website
All content on this site is property of Hemeoncquestions and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Limited Color scheme created with Colorize It. | SE Square Left by PhpBB3 BBCodes
Thesis submission and examination discuss the confidentiality of your thesis and prepare an author's consent form (pdf 214kb) with your principal supervisor attach this document with your final thesis submission deadlines for final thesis submissions for conferral refer to. Submission of thesis, and completion of the degree an initial grsp should be documented and agreed to by the graduate research student and supervisors no later than two weeks after enrolment and then should be revisited at each stage. Forms at the graduate research school intellectual property and thesis confidentiality further details about thesis submission and examination can be found here see also the thesis examination seminar certification of final version of thesis [pdf file, 741 kb]. Submission of thesis the procedure for submitting your thesis as follows: the student completes the gso3 form (click on the 'examination of research degrees' tab at the top of the page.
Digital thesis submission guideline and form the university recognises that in particular cases commercial and confidentiality issues may necessitate access restrictions on the digital versionof a thesis these matters are managed by the hdro and need to be addressed. Effective date: _____ (thesis submission date) this agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which confidential, proprietary and other private information shall be disclosed between the university of waterloo and _____. Additional materials for thesis & dissertation submission the sed confidentiality statement includes comprehensive information on how your information is protected download the sed confidentiality statement (pdf) processing fee for thesis and dissertation.
If you do not wish your thesis to be published, eg because of confidentiality or publishing agreements, then make sure to mention so at the bottom of the form personal details the personal details provided in the form ‘thesis submission’ are not saved in the database of uva scripties online. Viva/oral exam all md, phd, clinpsyd, md and chm students will have to undertake a viva examination following the submission of their thesis this viva will be undertaken by the nominated internal and external examiner. Confidentiality of material 71 the examiners will treat the thesis as privileged and confidential information the full should inform the pgr student administration team prior to submission of the thesis, in order for the examiners to be informed of the particularly sensitive nature of the material. Guidelines for submission of thesis 1 graduating students are required to submit one (1) bound copy of their undergraduate thesis thesis to the office of the college secretary, college of science available only to those bound by nondisclosure or confidentiality agreement.
Academic registry guidelines on submission and format of thesis submission of this form, a confidentiality statement will be forwarded to the relevant examiner (if completed e-thesis submission form (which students may use as a sleeve for the cd-rom containing. I wish to make my research thesis available for public access on the internet (open access) by submission to the flinders university theses repository, the university’s digital archive of. The standard format for digital theses is pdf (adobe – portable document format) the latest version of adobe acrobat should be used to covert the original thesis file not rescanned from a hard copy data or other accompanying material should be uploaded as separate files. The form should only be completed where the candidate requires a restriction of greater than 2 years or examiners are required to agree to confidentiality the university recognises that there are certain circumstances for which immediate public availability of the thesis in the library may not be desirable.
Complete the submission of thesis form (above) and arrange for your coordinating supervisor and graduate research coordinator to sign it if you are enrolled in more than one school, you must have the signatures of your coordinating supervisor and graduate research coordinator from each school. After your thesis has been approved by the graduate college thesis office, it will become available in uic indigo according to the release option you choose during submission to begin your etd submission, your thesis should be formatted according to graduate college thesis requirements and approved by your department. Confidentiality of dissertations and theses at the time of submission of a dissertation or thesis 1 disclosure if the project is subject to limited disclosure (retention of the document) pursuant to a contract, the professor and the student must comply with the publication clause contained in the contract short-term confidentiality. Submissions submissions confidentiality on other grounds all relevant forms, such as the declaration form, registration form (and, if relevant, the confidential thesis form) and the receipt for submission in brage must be submitted with the printed version of the thesis.
Confidentiality of phd theses in the uk report and discussion paper stuart powell and howard green appendix 2 confidentiality of phd theses – all responses 20 obviates any need for further discussion of confidentiality at the thesis submission stage the. Should you decide to submit a hard bound thesis at this stage please also follow the guidance on the minimum requirements for a hardbound copy of thesis for hardbound submission further information and guidance about printing and soft binding your dissertation can be found on the website of the graduate union. Submission of thesis 42 supervisor does not support submission 43 thesis examination responsibilities 44 examiner report requirements thesis examiners’ confidentiality disclosure agreement vii if an approved examiner is sent a letter of engagement and is unable to accept.
Submission of thesis declaration form by supervisor (to be completed by the primary supervisor only) request for limited access to thesis form (optional) confidentiality agreement (if required. Confidentiality of thesis a thesis that contains material that may reasonably affect the security of persons, nations, industry or commerce may be declared confidential for a specified period of time if there are some concerns about the content and confidentiality of a thesis, prior to its submission the director of graduate research may. There are a number of requirements you need to fulfill before submitting your thesis for examination these include thesis presentation requirements, supplying formal notification of your intention to submit, and ensuring that the inclusion of publications and early submission comply with university and faculty/school requirements.
Also check the light blue wire from the flasher to the turn signal switch if the light blue wire has 12v power alternating on and off then the problem is
aaw hazard wiring? vintage mustang forums here's a shot of the instructions where it tells me to do this
Welcome to my online Property Evaluation system. The answers to your selling/leasing questions are just a click away! By running a Comparative Market Analysis (CMA), we'll find the value of your property on the current real estate market.
Through the Comparative Market Analysis process, DTZ can evaluate the sale or lease prices of properties similar to yours that have recently sold/leased in your area. This analysis will give you a better idea of your property's market value, one of the first - and essential! - steps as you prepare for the critical marketing process. All it takes is a few quick minutes to complete and submit the form below. Then let Gerald's and DTZ's systems do the work for you! We'll contact you as soon as we have the results.
1995 "Five Programs of the Bayview Opera House," Cultural Wall, American Airlines Terminal, SF International Airport, San Francisco, CA
"The 18th Annual Lewis-Clark Juried Art Exhibition," Lewis-Clark Center for Arts and History, Lewiston ID
"Ink & Clay: The Big 25th Anniversary Show," Kellogg University Art Gallery, California State Polytechnic University, Pamona, CA
2003 Certificate of Honor signed by the Board of Supervisors of the City and County of San Francisco for programs "Our Part of Town", "The Children's Mural", and "The Human Family Tree"
1999-2003 Appointed Commissioner by San Francisco's Mayor to the Southeast Community Facility Commission
1991-2003 Appointed Member by San Francisco's Mayor to the Citizens Advisory Committee for Re-Use of Hunter's Point Shipyard
1984 Named San Diego's top Muralist and Stencil Design Artist for the Victorian Period, SAN DIEGO MAGAZINE, June 1982, "Gaslamp Quarter Murals Project," Fifth and Island Sts., San Diego, CA
1981 Honorable Mention, Outstanding Concept Award, Cheer at Children's Hospital Wall Design Competition, Los Angeles, CA, June
2001-2003 Visual Arts Programming Director, Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Grant Writer/Administrator/Program Coordinator, Children's Mural Program and for BEEP! (BayviewOperaHouse Environmental Education Program) at Dr. Charles R. Drew, 21st Century Academy, Dr. George Washington Carver Academic, Bret Harte and Malcolm X Academy Elementary Schools, San Francisco, CA
2000 Visual Arts Programming Director, Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Administrator/Program Coordinator, Children's Mural Program at George Washington Carver, Bret Harte and Malcolm X Academy Elementary Schools, San Francisco, CA
1999 Instructor, Animal Drawing, City College of San Francisco, Continuing Education; Museum Artist, "Big/Kids Little Kids" and "Doing and Viewing Art," Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco; Visual Arts Programming Director, Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Administrator/Program Coordinator, Children's Mural Program at George Washington Carver, Bret Harte and Malcolm X Academy Elementary Schools, San Francisco, CA; Presenter, "Teaching Painting to Children," Arts Education Funder's Collaborative, San Francisco, CA
1998 Instructor, Animal Drawing, City College of San Francisco, Continuing Education; Museum Artist/Supervisor, "Big/Kids Little Kids" and "Doing and Viewing Art," Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco; Visual Arts Programming Director, Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Administrator/Program Coordinator, Children's Mural Program at George Washington Carver, Bret Harte, Malcolm X Academy, 21st Century Academy and Charles Drew Elementary Schools, San Francisco, CA; Presenter, "Teaching Painting to Pre-K Children," Arts Education Funder's Collaborative, San Francisco, CA
1997 Instructor, Animal Drawing, City College of San Francisco, Continuing Education Program, San Francisco, CA; Museum Artist/Supervisor, "Big/Kids Little Kids" and "Doing and Viewing Art," Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco; Visual Arts Programming Director, Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Administrator/Program Coordinator, Children's Mural Program at George Washington Carver, Bret Harte, Malcolm X Academy, 21st Century Academy and Charles Drew Elementary Schools, San Francisco, CA; Acting Director, Bayview Opera House Ruth Williams Memorial Theater, San Francisco, CA
1996 Presenter, "Enhancing Reading Skills Through The Visual Arts," Arts Education Funder's Collaborative, San Francisco, CA; Museum Artist/Supervisor "Big/Kids Little Kids" and "Doing and Viewing Art," Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco; Curator, "Women Artists Painting Women's Issues," Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Visual Arts Programming Director, Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA: Administrator/Program Coordinator, Carver Mural Program, George Washington Carver, Bret Harte and Malcolm X Elementary Schools, San Francisco, CA; Program Coordinator, "Our Part of Town, III" Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Art Specialist, "Our Part of Town, III" Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA
1995 Acting Director, Bayview Opera House, Inc., San Francisco, CA; Visual Arts Programming Director, Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Program Coordinator, Carver Mural Program, George Washington Carver Elementary School, San Francisco, CA; Program Coordinator, "Our Part of Town, II" Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Art Specialist, "Our Part of Town, II" Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Museum Artist, "Big/Kids Little Kids" and "Doing and Viewing Art," M.H. de Young Museum, San Francisco, CA
1994 INTERIM DIRECTOR, Bayview Opera House, Inc., San Francisco, CA; Museum Artist, "Big/Kids Little Kids" and "Doing and Viewing Art," M.H. de Young Museum, San Francisco, CA; Director, Cafe Poetry and Arts Month; Visual Arts Programming Director, Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA; Administrator/Program Coordinator/Art Specialist, Carver Mural Program, George Washington Carver Elementary School, San Francisco, CA; Administrator/Program Coordinator/Art Specialist, "Our Part of Town," Bayview Opera House, San Francisco, CA
1993 Instructor, Art History, National University, San Jose, CA; Art Productionist/"Politics," June Calendar Image, "12 Women Artists from Hunters Point Shipyard," A Calendar for Special Days, San Francisco, CA; Administrator/Program Coordinator/Art Specialist, Carver Mural Program, George Washington Carver Elementary School, San Francisco
1992 Administrator/Program Coordinator/Art Specialist, Carver Mural Program, George Washington Carver Elementary School, San Francisco, CA
1977 Teaching Assistant, 19th and 20th Century Art History, U.C.S.D. Department of Art, La Jolla, CA
Anonymnous - Environmental Clean-Up NEWS, US Navy, Hunters Point Shipyard, Summer/Fall Expanded Issue, "Local 5th Graders Learn About Environmental Issues at Hunters Point Shipyard," April-September 2002, p.7
San Francisco Arts Commission, Public Art Program, Press Release, "Ceramic Tile Wall Piece by JoeSam. Brightens New Neighborhood Swimming Pool", October 30, 2001, (www.ci.sf.ca.us/sfac/pubart/PressReleases/10-30-01..htm)
Anonymous-Environmental Cleanup Newsletter, US Navy, Hunters Point Shipyard, "Art Project Helps Students Learn about Environment at Hunters Point Shipyard", April-June 2001
Sierra Arts-ENCORE Magazine, Vol. 26, No.3, Reno, NV, "Hardin's 'Families' is at Metro Gallery," March 2001, p.5
Anonymous - WesterBreeze, Vol. 13, No.1, Hitachi America, LTD., "Community Commitment: Beth Mosley Employee Profile," January, February, March 2000, p.3
Shelley Bradford Bell - Bayview Heritage Magazine, "Children's Mural Program Begins Its Seventh Year," Cover Story, Winter, 1999
Anonymous - Environmental Clean-Up NEWS, US Navy, Hunters Point Shipyard, Issue 55, "Children Learn Cleanup Process at Shipyard," December 1977, Special Youth Edition
Anonymous - Environmental Clean-Up NEWS, US Navy, Hunters Point Shipyard, Issue 47, "Environmental and Arts Education Program at Local Schools," May 1996, Cover Story
Suzanne Muchnic - LOS ANGELES TIMES, "Calendar," January 3, 1982 Long Beach County Museum of Art - "Drawings by Painters," Museum Catalogue, January, 1982
Elise Miller - "Two Artists Find Their Inspiration Downtown," LOS ANGELES TIMES, Oct. 1, 1980, pt. II, p.7
Heidi Hardin currently is the Visual Arts Programming Director for the Bayview Opera House. She recently retired as a Museum Artists at the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco where she supervised the Doing and Viewing Art and Big Kids/Little Kids arts programs for four years. She received her Masters of Fine Arts degree in Painting and Bachelor of Arts in Biology from UC, San Diego, spending her last year of graduate study at the Whitney Museum of American Arts Independent Study Program for Painters and Sculptors in New York City. She has exhibited her paintings extensively in California in galleries and museums (including the Long Beach Museum, the Triton Museum, the La Jolla Museum and the SF Art Commission Gallery) and has taught visual arts in San Francisco elementary and high schools, art history at the college level at UCSD and National University and drawing at City College of San Francisco. Her most recent paintings, Christian Families From Countries Around the World, completed in November 1998, have in 1999, been widely accepted in national competitions. Her most recent exhibit, The Human Family Tree/A Walk Through Paradise premiered at the Bayview Opera House in San Francisco in December 2000 to acclaim by the Senate, Congress, California State Assemby and the San Francisco Board of Supervisors as a monumental work of beauty for all. Her artwork is represented by Newspace, Los Angeles.
Since coming to the Bay Area in 1984, Ms. Hardin has been involved in the Bayview Hunters Point community as an artist, artist-activist, artist-instructor, and artist-administrator. Her studio for eight years was at Hunters Point Shipyard (HPS), where she exhibited annually in Open Studios and has been an advocate on behalf of the nation's largest community of artists there. For five years she served as an active board member of the tenant's association (The Businesses of Hunters Point Shipyard, now STAR, Shipyard Trust for the Arts) representing small businesses and the more than 250 artists working in private studios at the shipyard. In 1991 she was appointed to the Mayor's Citizen's Advisory Committee for the Re-Use of Hunters Point Shipyard and continues to serve in that capacity.
In 1992-93, Ms. Hardin conceived and developed the curriculum, recruited artists, and secured funding for "The Childrens Mural Program" for the Bayview Opera House, Inc.**. This innovative program was designed to teach a variety of subject matters relating to the community by using art as a learning tool. The focus of the first years program was African American Scientists. The students studied the lives and contributions of African American scientists in the United States, and made paintings of seminal events that changed the lives of scientists and our nation. This program was praised for teaching an appreciation of art, fostering creativity and critical thinking. The theme of the second year of the program was the mask-making traditions of cultures around the world, and in the third year, the program presented folktales of ethnic traditions from around the world. The fourth year Ms. Hardin developed an ambitious and comprehensive environmental curriculum that studied the history and the environmental clean up and reuse of the Hunters Point Shipyard. This program has proven to be so effective it is being presented in all five elementary schools in the Bayview Hunters Point community for the fourth year in a row and has served two thousand students.
All the programs she helped develop for the Opera House from 1991 to the present focus on the history of this community, its families, or its ethnic groups. As Program Coordinator and Visual Artist for "Our Part of Town," a three-year production involving oral history, visual art, and theatrical production, she served as grant writer, administrator and artist. "Our Part of Town I," chronicled the lives of the communitys matriarchs. A number of senior women were interviewed by the communitys teenage girls and the stories of their involvement in the development of the community and their political activism, which resulted in local and national legislation affecting welfare, housing and equal rights were highlighted. "Our Part of Town II," chronicled the lives of the senior men of the community. The communitys teenage boys interviewed numerous senior men, and the stories of their struggles and the political unrests of the 60s and 70s were retold for the community. "Our Part of Town, III/Music History of Bayview Hunters Point," provided insights into the rich and diverse musical history of the community and showcased the musicians, both contemporary and from the past. Heidi Hardin acted as visual artist for all three projects, guiding scores of community teens to create hundreds of narrative, historical paintings about the community and its residents. The first year, she saved "Our Part of Town" from being canceled by assuming the role of program coordinator, and researched, conceived, and arranged the funding for Our Part of Town II and III. Her part in these productions enabled her to work with a broad cross section of the residents and added to the artists appreciation for the history of the people and the community.
Ms. Hardin, for the Opera House, developed the Third Street Mural Project, bringing shipyard and community artists together to beautify the Third Street Corridor, the main business artery of the community, with numerous murals that depict the history, diversity and creativity of the area.
On two separate occasions during the past seven years, Heidi Hardin has acted as the Interim Executive Director of the Bayview Opera House. These opportunities to serve in an administrative capacity gave her insight into the organizations objectives from a completely different perspective. She has acquired a good sense of balance and direction regarding the organizational needs of a community based art/cultural center, the importance of art in the life of a community and how to bring the two together.
In 1995, Heidi Hardin joined the Fine Arts Museum of San Franciscos staff of artists teaching children in the Education Department program, "Big Kids/Little Kids" and "Doing & Viewing Art," and continues to serve as museum artist and supervisor of this Saturday morning program. Three years ago, she also began teaching "Art Studio," the de Young Museums art program for students in schools throughout the San Francisco Bay Area. She has made a concerted effort to include the elementary school children from the Bayview Hunters Point classrooms in Art Studio with marked success bringing hundreds of community children to the de Young museum for gallery tours and hands-on art making activities. She retired from teaching at the museums late in 1999 in order to pursue her career as a fine artist full time.
The Childrens Mural Program, The Third Street Mural Project and "Our Part of Town" conceived, funded, administered and taught by Ms. Hardin have provided hands-on arts experiences for over two thousand community children of all ages, and have included scores of seniors, and hundreds of community residents. Theses Bayview Opera House Visual Arts Programs have also provided on the job training and employed dozens of community and shipyard artists. As an artist/activist at HPS and through her involvement with the Mayor's Citizens Advisory Committee and the Bayview Opera House, Ms. Hardin has been endeavoring to build bridges between the shipyards artist community and residents of the Bayview Hunters Point. For these efforts, last year, she was appointed as a Commissioner by San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown to the Southeast Community Facility Commission, which oversees the needs of the Bayview Hunters Point neighborhood.
*Bayview Hunters Point is an ethnically diverse community in the southeast sector of San Francisco made up of 61.3% African-Americans; 21.1 % Asian/Pacific Islanders; 9.5% Hispanic; 7.6% White; .6% Other (1990 census data).
** Bayview Opera House, Inc. (BVOH) is a 501 (c)(3) organization operating a neighborhood arts center in Bayview Hunters Point under the auspices of the San Francisco Art Commissions Community Arts & Education Program. BVOH seeks to address a variety of cultural, social and educational needs of the community by providing performance and visual arts programs to neighborhood residents. Programs are offered in the historic Bayview Opera House, the citys oldest performing arts theater, built in 1884, and in various locations throughout the neighborhood, such as schools and community centers. BVOH activities are supported by grants from a variety of municipal, state and private entities.
The Brooklyn Heights Press celebrated 75 years at the Brooklyn Historical Society on Nov. 5 and we were there to celebrate the people that make the news day in and day out.
‘Subway Sleepers’ are the stars of an upcoming photo exhibit by Brooklyn Heights artist Linda Kessler
On the Collections homepage, you can choose to view a selection of objects illustrating particular themes, aspects of the collection, highlights of a particular time period or curators' choices. You can name these groupings in order to indicate clearly the type of works or themes that the collection illustrates. The groupings are listed as a series of links under "Collections" in the main navigation bar to the left.
The 60,000-piece Texas African American Photography (TAAP) Archive is the centerpiece of Documentary Arts gift to the ICP in 2014 of more than 100,000 photographs, films, videos, and audio recordings. The TAAP Archive focuses primarily on the work of twentieth-century African American community photographers active in rural and urban Texas.
Documentary Arts was founded in 1985 by Alan Govenar to present new perspectives on historical issues and diverse cultures. Over the years, Documentary Arts’ collaborations with major institutions including the National Endowment for the Arts, ICP (New York), African American Museum (Dallas), FARO (Brussels), Maison des Cultures du Monde (Paris) and UNESCO (Nairobi) have highlighted little-known practitioners of cultural forms via photography, films and videos, audio recordings, oral histories, exhibitions, public programs, new technologies, and collections of material culture.
The TAAP Archive, founded by Govenar and Kaleta Doolin, focuses on the growth and development of vernacular and community photography among African Americans in Texas, including Alonzo Jordan, Louise Martin, Marion Butts, Elnora Frazier, Curtis Humphrey, Juanita Williams, Benny Joseph, and A.C. Teal, among others. The material in the Archive elucidates the context of social gatherings, including weddings, funerals, Juneteenth parades, church services, school and college graduations, neighborhood businesses, and day-to-day activities in African American communities around the state. In addition, the images chronicle social protests and political demonstrations. The Archive features work by identified photographers from around the state as well as photographs, tintypes, and other early prints by unidentified picture makers that were found in Texas African American communities.
Capa in Color presents Robert Capa’s color work for the first time. Capa regularly used color film from the 1940s until his death in 1954. Some of these photographs were published in magazines of the day, but the majority have never been printed, seen, or even studied. Over the years, this aspect of Capa’s career has virtually been forgotten. With over 150 contemporary color prints by the famous photojournalist, Capa in Color presents this work as an integral part of his postwar career and fundamental in remaining relevant to magazines. Drawn entirely from ICP’s collection, including contextual publications and personal papers, the exhibition presents a fascinating new look at this master of black-and-white photography during his centennial year. This exhibition is organized by ICP Curator Cynthia Young.
Selected images from the Robert Capa and Cornell Capa Archive illuminate Capa's working process on six seminal photo essays covering the Spanish Civil War, China, and World War II between 1936 and 1945.
In her brief but dramatic career, Gerda Taro (1910-1937) made some of the most striking photographs to come from the front lines of the Spanish Civil War. The following selections, drawn from ICP's collection, are also included in the first full-scale retrospective.
The Mexican Suitcase will for the first time give the public an opportunity to experience images drawn from this famous collection of recovered negatives. In December 2007, three boxes filled with rolls of film, containing 4,500 35mm negatives of the Spanish Civil War by Robert Capa, Gerda Taro, and Chim (David Seymour)-which had been considered lost since 1939-arrived at the International Center of Photography. These three photographers, who lived in Paris, worked in Spain, and published internationally, laid the foundation for modern war photography. Their work has long been considered some of the most innovative and passionate coverage of the Spanish Civil War (1936-39). Many of the contact sheets made from the negatives will be on view as part of the exhibition, which will look closely at some of the major stories by Capa, Taro, and Chim as interpreted through the individual frames. These images will be seen alongside the magazines of the period in which they were published and with the photographers' own contact notebooks. The exhibition is organized by ICP assistant curator Cynthia Young.
Cornell Capa, who founded ICP in 1974, coined the term "concerned photographer." His own photographs throughout his lifetime remained true to that mission.
JFK for President presents Cornell Capa's photographs of John F. Kennedy’s 1960 campaign and the early days of his administration. The exhibition includes many unpublished color and black-and-white photographs as well as classics first published in LIFE magazine and in the book Let Us Begin: The First 100 Days of the Kennedy Administration.
Cornell Capa (1918-2008) chose the phrase "concerned photographer" to describe those photographers who demonstrated in their work a humanitarian impulse to use pictures to educate and change the world, not just to record it. During a long and distinguished career as a photographer, Capa worked for Life magazine from 1946 to 1967, and for the Magnum Photos agency beginning in 1954, covering social and political issues in the United States, as well as England, the Soviet Union, Israel, and Central and South America. While he created some iconic individual images, Capa more fully established his own specific areas of concern regarding politics and social issues with incisive and important photo-essays. Included in the show are his stories on the reform government of President Arbenz in Guatemala (1953); the collapse of Juan Perón's dictatorial regime in Argentina (1955); political dissidents arrested after the assassination of Nicaraguan dictator, Anastasio Somoza (1956); the work of missionaries in Ecuador (1956-58); the plight of indigenous tribes in the north-east of Peru (1961); a significant reportage on conditions at Attica (1972) following the bloody prison uprising; the 1964 senate race of Robert Kennedy; and an analysis of poverty and population in El Salvador and Honduras (1970-73). This exhibition looks at these pioneering stories and serves as a tribute to Capa as photographer and Founding Director of ICP.
The Daniel Cowin Collection of African American History was given to ICP by Daniel Cowin in 1990. The collection of about 1,600 photographs, including several albums and dating from 1860 to 1960, offers a glimpse into the rarely seen everyday lives of African Americans in a variety of genres and poses: formal studio portraits, casual snapshots, images of children, images of uniformed soldiers, wedding portraits, and "Southern-views" made for tourist consumption. While some of the sitters are celebrities of the day, the majority are unnamed Americans simply posing for their portraits.
When President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas, on November 22, 1963, the event and its aftermath were broadcast to a stunned nation through photography and television. Reporters used dramatic spot news photographs by professional photojournalists as well as snapshots by unsuspecting witnesses to explain the events: the shooting of the president, the hunt for the assassin, the swearing in of the new president, the widow's grief, the funeral, the shooting of Oswald. Viewers interpreted these photographs in various ways: to comprehend the shocking news, to negotiate their grief, to attempt to solve the crime. The combination of personal photographs assuming public significance and subjective interpretations of news images disrupted conventional views of photography as fact or evidence. JFK November 22, 1963: A Bystander's View of History examines the imaginative reception of these iconic photographs. The exhibition includes stills from Abraham Zapruder's famous footage of the assassination, as well as news photographs, snapshots by bystanders, souvenirs, and scrapbooks. Organized by ICP Chief Curator Brian Wallis on the fiftieth anniversary of the tragedy, these visual artifacts demonstrate the active role of photography in negotiating trauma and facilitating mourning.
Brett Weston (1911–1993) is widely regarded as one of the leading photographers of the twentieth century. Known primarily for his bold compositions and his extraordinary printing style, Weston was among a small group of California photographers in the 1930s. Group f/64, who favored large-format view cameras, straight and uncropped images, and stark black-and-white prints, often contact printed. This group included Ansel Adams and Brett Weston’s father, Edward Weston. But Brett Weston's style became even more radical when he was drafted into the army during World War II, and, in 1944, sent to the Army Pictorial Center in New York. There, in addition to routine Army work, Weston explored the streets of New York with his large 8x10 view camera. Over the next two years, Weston took over 300 photographs, each distinguished by an attention to the formal values of linearity, depth, and contrast. Turning away from the documentary style that characterized much of the photography of New York in the preceding decade, notably Berenice Abbott's project "Changing New York”" (1939), Weston pioneered a highly subjective and abstract view of the city, often focusing on details such as the finial on an iron railing or ivy on the side of a building. Weston flattened and abstracted the deep space of the New York cityscape creating rich, two-dimensional black-and-white images. This approach would govern the most prolific period of Weston's work in the late 1940s and 1950s, when he utilized this highly polished style to photograph Western dunes, beaches, rocks, and vegetation.
This exhibition, a collaboration between the International Center of Photography, the Brett Weston Archive, and the host Gallery of the America includes over 100 photographs, drawn largely from the ICP collection. It is organized by Brian Wallis, Chief Curator at the International Center of Photography, and Julie Maguire, Director of the Brett Weston Archive.
In honor of its Ehrenkranz Director Willis Hartshorn, the International Center of Photography presents an engaging survey of its vast and unique collection of photographs. Founded in 1975, as part of the original concept for the Center, the photograph collection at ICP now contains well over 100,000 photographs, ranging from the 1840s to the present. This provocative selection by ICP Chief Curator Brian Wallis is an investigation of the aesthetics and uses of photographic images, and includes well-loved classics as well as little-known works by anonymous photographers. One of the hallmarks of the collection is a focus on alternative histories of photography, including marginalized social practices of photography as well as popular and nonart approaches to the medium. Eugène Atget, W. Eugene Smith, Cindy Sherman, Walker Evans, and André Kertész are among the photographers included in this wide-ranging exhibition.
This featured selection includes 135 images by noted photographers across a broad range of subjects. It is based on works selected for the ICP 25th anniversary publication.
For an intense decade between 1935 and 1946, Weegee (1899–1968) was one of the most relentlessly inventive figures in American photography. His graphically dramatic and often lurid photographs of New York crimes and news events set the standard for what has become known as tabloid journalism. Freelancing for a variety of New York newspapers and photo agencies, and later working as a stringer for the short-lived liberal daily PM (1940–48), Weegee established a way of combining photographs and texts that was distinctly different from that promoted by other picture magazines, such as LIFE. Utilizing other distribution venues, Weegee also wrote extensively (including his autobiographical Naked City, published in 1945) and organized his own exhibitions at the Photo League. This exhibition draws upon the extensive Weegee Archive at ICP and includes environmental recreations of Weegee's apartment and exhibitions. The exhibition is organized by ICP Chief Curator Brian Wallis.
Despite his sometimes comic persona, Weegee (1899-1968) made his mark as a documentary photographer. His photojournalistic images from the 1930s and 40s demonstrated an uncanny ability to see drama in the everyday life of New York City residents--the reaction of a criminal, the confidence of a diamond-clad socialite, and the exuberance of packed masses at Coney Island on a hot summer day. It was these images that brought him lasting fame. But he did not only take the sensational front-page images. He also probed the New York City social landscape, addressing racial tensions, social stratifications, war-time rations, and Hollywood-infected notions of glamour. Weegee spent twenty years documenting the city and its inhabitants, from the 1930s Depression to the anxious postwar years. Within the constraints of a working photojournalist, Weegee was able to cultivate a distinctive humanist style and a vision of the city that was unapologetically his own.
The Weegee archive was bequeathed to ICP in 1993. Weegee (1899-1968) is best known for his tabloid news photographs of urban crowds, crime scenes, and New York City nightlife of the 1930s and 1940s. He later dedicated himself to what he called "creative photography"-images made through distorting lenses and other optical effects. The Weegee Archive contains 20,000 original prints and negatives, tear sheets, manuscript drafts, correspondence, and other personal memorabilia. It is the world's largest holding of Weegee's work.
From 1934 to 1939, Roman Vishniac explored on foot the cities and villages of eastern Europe, recording life in the Jewish shtetlekh (villages) of Germany, Poland, Romania, Hungary, Russia, Ukraine, Latvia and Lithuania – communities that even then seemed threatened by routine change as much as by the Holocaust that would come.
This Is Not a Fashion Photograph, organized by guest curator Vince Aletti, is an exhibition drawn largely from the permanent collection of ICP that looks at the non-fashion sources of contemporary fashion photography. Because many young fashion photographers are more interested in authenticity than artifice, they are looking closely at work by Weegee, Lisette Model, André Kertész, and Danny Lyon. It may not have been the intention of these photographers to make fashion images, but their work touches on style as a means of personal expression. With photographs by Gordon Parks, Bruce Davidson, Walker Evans, Samuel Fosso, Doris Ulmann, Mark Cohen, Marc Riboud, Robert Mapplethorpe, Ben Shahn, and others.
In 1944, the war-battered French couture industry decided to revive its international reputation by conceiving a small exhibition entitled Théâtre de la Mode. The exhibition organizer enlisted the major fashion designers of the day, including Jeanne Lanvin, Lucien Lelong, Elsa Schiaparelli, and Pierre Balmain to create outfits for small wire-frame dolls just over two feet tall.
The exhibition of over 230 dolls, displayed in artist-designed sets, opened in Paris on March 27, 1945 at the Museum of Decorative Arts. It was an instant sensation, and traveled to London, Barcelona, Copenhagen, Stockholm, Vienna, New York, and San Francisco. With the return of the French fashion industry, the dolls had completed their work and were donated to the Maryhill Museum near Portland, Oregon, where they disappeared from view.
Under an extraordinary set of circumstances in 1990, the dolls were rediscovered and returned to Paris, recoiffed and restyled for an exhibition at the Musée de la Mode. Because of his pioneering work with French fashion and historical gowns, David Seidner was asked to photograph the little dolls. Working in the rough interior of an abandoned theatre set, Seidner captured the essence of French style in dolls dressed in designs made on the eve of Christian Dior's New Look, which radically changed fashion in 1947. ICP exhibits fifteen of Seidner's color photographs from the David Seidner Archive in the Permanent Collection, along with one of the original dolls.
David Seidner (1957-1999) was a fashion and portrait photographer known for his stylized images inspired by historical paintings and sculptures. He rose to prominence with images that visually cut up couture designed by Azzedine Alaia, Chanel, Mme. Grès, Jean Patou, Ungaro, Valentino, and Yves Saint Laurent and collaged them together through multiple exposures or reflections in pieces of mirror. Seidner published these images in Harper's Bazaar, Harper's & Queen, The New York Times Magazine, Vanity Fair, and international editions of Vogue in the 1980s and 90s, greatly influencing fashion photography for over a decade. In addition to his advertising and editorial fashion work, Seidner also pursued other projects dealing with portraiture, clothing, the body, and the history of art. This selection, drawn from the David Seidner Archive of over 2,000 prints, includes highlights from Seidner's major projects and series.
Some of the best-known documentary photographs came out of the photographic divisions of two government agencies, established in response to the Depression: the Resettlement Administration (1935 - 1937) and the Farm Security Administration (1937 - 1942). These agencies employed a number of photographers whose work would become an extensive archive of rural America and the effects of government programs created to lessen the impact of poverty. The permanent collection at ICP contains photographs that Theodor Jung, Dorothea Lange, Carl Mydans, Arthur Rothstein, and Ben Shahn took around the country while employed by the RA and FSA.
In 2005 ICP received a donation of over 1,000 prints from the The Time Picture Collection, Inc.. This body of work has greatly augmented the collection's holdings of diverse photojournalism. This selection represents a small sample of this major collection.
Among the most compelling and heart-rending photographs ever taken of warfare are those made by W. Eugene Smith during World War II. On assignment from Ziff-Davis and LIFE magazine, Smith (1918–1978) covered the Pacific theater from 1943 to 1945. After serving on the carrier U.S.S. Bunker Hill, Smith participated in numerous allied landings, including Guam, Tarawa, Saipan, Leyte, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa, where he was severely wounded in May 1945.
In 1983, at the height of the civil war in El Salvador, thirty international photojournalists covering the conflict contributed to a project to raise awareness about the crisis. Photographers Susan Meiselas and Harry Mattison, who collected the work for a book and traveling exhibition, believed that these images, if more widely seen, could facilitate a deeper understanding of the situation in El Salvador and prompt a crucial dialogue about the conflict and America's role in it.
ICP's collection of work by Magnum photographer, Chim (David Seymour) includes about 1,000 items. This selection of 250 will be augmented over time. See also: ICP's site on Chim's work originally prepared in 1998 and an extended biographical web site which launched in 1999.
Hungarian photographer Martin Munkacsi (1896–1963) created dynamic and elegant images of models and athletes in motion. His unique style—inspiring photographers from Henri Cartier-Bresson to Richard Avedon—grew out of the context of 1930s photojournalism and required a combination of split-second timing and radical cropping. For Munkacsi, process was key. The recent rediscovery of his long-lost negative archive helps to clarify his working methods and uncover the secrets behind his most famous images.
This presentation of thirty-one vintage prints by the celebrated French photographer Eugène Atget (1857–1927) is drawn from the ICP permanent collection. Surrealists such as Man Ray were fascinated by Atget's images of dreamlike urban spaces. As this selection reveals, such photographs were part of a much larger body of work that reflected Atget's systematic documentation of the historic streets, buildings, and artifacts of Old Paris.
In advance of the presentation of Between Past and Future: New Photography and Video from China, ICP acquired a number of major works for the collection.
For over twenty years, Donna Ferrato has been documenting the effects of domestic violence on abused women and their children. Photographing in emergency rooms and shelters, courtrooms and activist rallies, batterers' groups and women's detention centers, Ferrato aims to expose "the dark side of family life." Collected in the exhibition and publication "Living with the Enemy" (Aperture, 1991), these groundbreaking pictures are paired with texts by the photographer drawn from her conversations with the victims and perpetrators of abuse. In addition to a selection of prints from "Living with the Enemy," ICP also maintains an extensive archive of Ferrato's own research materials related to domestic violence as well as to the genesis of this ambitious and ongoing photographic project.
In 1987, during the early years of the AIDS crisis, a group of New York artists and activists formed ACT UP (the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power) to raise awareness about the growing epidemic. ACT UP, and later Gran Fury and other groups, made visually striking posters, pamphlets, stickers, and T-shirts that challenged the slow response by the U.S. government and others to the rapidly spreading disease. Many of these printed materials utilized photography and photomontage, and most were created for specific media events or demonstrations. The collection of AIDS material maintained at ICP includes many of the key pieces made by members of ACT UP during the late 1980s and early 1990s, as well as art produced by other activist collectives. Significantly, the collection also includes photographs that show how the posters and other materials were used in demonstrations.
After the United States detonated an atomic bomb at Hiroshima on August 6, 1945, the U.S. government restricted the circulation of images of the bomb's deadly effect. President Truman dispatched some 1,150 military personnel and civilians, including photographers, to record the destruction as part of the United States Strategic Bombing Survey. The goal of the Survey's Physical Damage Division was to photograph and analyze methodically the impact of the atomic bomb on various building materials surrounding the blast site, designated "Ground Zero." The haunting, once-classified images of absence and annihilation formed the basis for civil defense architecture in the United States. This exhibition includes 62 prints drawn from a unique archive of more than 700 photographs in the collection of the International Center of Photography. The exhibition is organized Erin Barnett, Assistant Curator of Collections.
For additional information about the United States Strategic Bombing Survey, please visit the National Archives.
Since September 11, 2001, the International Center of Photography has maintained the September 11 Archive, a collection of photographic materials related to the events of that day. The archive of over fifteen hundred objects includes a comprehensive collection of newspapers from September 11 and the following days, a portion of the exhibition "Here is New York," photographs by photojournalists and bystanders, missing persons posters, publications, videos, and other historical artifacts.
As the American Civil War ground to a dispiriting and unheroic end after the surrender of General Robert E. Lee's rebel forces and the shocking assassination of President Abraham Lincoln in mid-April 1865, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States, became a political fugitive. At dawn on May 10, 1865, a contingent of Michigan cavalry captured Davis in a makeshift camp outside Irwinville, Georgia. In his haste to flee, Davis grabbed his wife's overcoat rather than his own. News reports immediately circulated that Davis had been apprehended in women's clothes and that he was attempting to disguise himself as a woman. Northern artists and caricaturists seized upon these rumors of cowardly escape and created wildly inventive images, some using photomontage, to sensationalize the political story. Photographers circulated and even pirated dozens of fanciful photographic cards; many used a photographic portrait of Davis on a hand-drawn body in a woman's dress, hat, and crinoline, but wearing his own boots, the detail that supposedly betrayed him to his captors. The exhibition is organized by Assistant Curator of Collections Erin Barnett.
Religious rituals in America are not often public spectacles. A key exception was the tradition of river baptisms that flourished in the South and Midwest between 1880 and 1930. These outdoor communal rites were public displays of faith, practiced by thousands of Protestants, and witnessed by whole communities. A combination of economic depression and industrialization spurred religious fundamentalism in rural areas, and media-savvy preachers promoted mass revivals and encouraged a dialogue about religion in popular culture and media. Photographs of river baptisms were often disseminated as postcards, both by worshippers documenting their personal life-affirming experiences and by tourists noting exotic practices and vanishing folk traditions. This small exhibition of vintage postcards and a panorama is drawn from a unique archive of vernacular river baptism photographs given to the International Center of Photography by Janna Rosenkranz and Jim Linderman. This exhibition is organized by Erin Barnett, ICP Assistant Curator of Collections.
One of the most intriguing and little studied forms of nineteenth-century photography is the tintype. Introduced in 1856 as a low-cost alternative to the daguerreotype and the albumen print, the tintype was widely marketed from the 1860s through the first decades of the twentieth century as the cheapest and most popular photographic medium. Because of its ubiquity, the tintype provides a startlingly candid record of the political upheavals that rocked in the four decades following the American Civil War, and the personal anxieties they induced. The tintype studio became a kind of performance space where sitters could act out their personal identities, displaying the tools of their trade, masks and costumes, toys and dolls, stuffed animals, and props of all sorts. This uniquely American medium provides extraordinary insights into the development of national attitudes and characteristics in the formative years of the early modern era. The exhibition, organized by ICP Chief Curator Brian Wallis and guest curator Steven Kasher, includes over 150 remarkable examples of tintypes drawn from the Permanent Collection.
At the age of 60 Bern Schwartz transformed his long-term hobby of photography into a new career. His fresh ambition was solidified when ICP’s founding director Cornell Capa introduced Schwartz to Philippe Halsman in 1975 after a lecture by the master portrait photographer. Bern Schwartz’s enthusiasm and desire to allow photography to take his life in a new direction convinced Halsman to take him on as a student. This evolved into a number of private sessions over several years.
Bern Schwartz drew on Halsman’s expertise and spirited technique to help develop his own personal approach to portrait photography. Halsman later commented, “I never had a more enthusiastic or dedicated student.”
Schwartz was able to photograph some of the most accomplished artists and politicians of his day. He had special entrée into British society where his work is nearly a catalog of creative and powerful personalities of the mid 1970s. Most of ICP’s prints are of British subjects taken during Schwartz’s most active period 1976-77.
Through ICP's Acquistions Committee and generous donors, the museum continues to acquire works by notable contemporary artists. This is a small selection from among the holdings.
This selection of beautiful and bizarre images, spanning the history of photography, unveils a rich but little-noted strain of surrealism in American culture. The exhibition highlights recent additions and generous donations to the ICP Permanent Collection. This exhibition was organized by ICP's Chief Curator Brian Wallis.
Among the least known but most prescient photographs taken by social documentary photographer Lewis Hine (1874–1940) were those he made as chief photographer for the National Research Project (NRP), a division of the federal government's Works Project Administration (WPA) founded in late 1935. The goal of the NRP was to investigate recent changes in industrial technologies and to assess their effects on future employment. In over 700 photographs, taken in industrial towns throughout the Northeast in 1936 and 1937, Hine revealed not only working conditions in aging industrial factories, but also in new industries and productive workplaces. The NRP published hundreds of reports illustrated with Hine's photographs on a broad variety of agricultural, manufacturing, and mining activities. His works captured the look of labor and industry in transition, while the entire NRP story provides provocative parallels to today’s economic challenges. The Future of America, organized by Hine scholar Judith Mara Gutman, draws on ICP’s archive of more than 300 of Hine’s prints from the NRP series and the master holdings at the National Archives.
Breakfast Restaurants Near Wayzata is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Informations collected on this form are saved in a file computerized by AGENCE SAPIN to manage your . They are kept for the time necessary to manage your application in compliance with applicable legal requirements and are intended for our advisors.. In accordance with the law \"Informatique et Libertés\", you can exercise your right of access to your data and modified them by contacting: AGENCE SAPIN Place Jean Sapin 62780 STELLA
This new furnished apartment of 47 m² (about 505 ft²) sleeps up to 4 people. it comprises 3 rooms including 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. it is provided with a living room and with a terrace. it's located on the 1st floor.
Facebook could be about to enter the sports streaming space if a recent report is to be believed. Would you ditch your Sky Sports subscription or ‘Kodi box’ to live stream the Premier League or Ashes over the social network?
Axar.az reports that the potentially game-changing news comes via a recent Sports Business Journal report, which says the social media giant is currently interviewing candidates for a role centered around negotiating global sport streaming rights.
The article claims that the successful candidate will be given “a few billion dollars” to develop Facebook’s sport streaming ambitions, adding that the company previously bid $600 million (~£450 million) to try and secure Indian Premier League (IPL) cricket streaming rights, but was outbid.
It’s the latest development in the intriguing world of modern media consumption, which sees mainstream TV networks fighting an uphill struggle against upstart streaming platforms like Kodi.
As we’ve said before, Kodi is a perfectly legal piece of software, but its open-source nature means it’s possible to augment it with piracy-enabling add-ons offering easy access to illegal sport, TV, and movie streams.
We’ve also previously argued that the only way for traditional TV titans to truly ‘crackdown’ on Kodi is to offer an alternative that’s both affordable and far-reaching. In other words, to provide a stronger breadth of content at a fairer price point than what’s currently available from the likes of BT and Sky, whose offerings – especially when it comes to sport – are increasingly fragmented.
Facebook would be a fascinating entry into this space and one with the resources to potentially disrupt how we consume big-ticket sporting events. However, based on previous examples of Silicon Valley giants experimenting with sports streaming, we can’t say it would be the all-encompassing solution most fans crave – at least not at first.
Twitter and Amazon, for example, have both flirted with sport streaming in the past couple of years, but their overtures have been decidedly limited, with both streaming Thursday night American football (NFL) games in 2016 and 2017, respectively.
As baby steps go, it’s not to be sniffed at, but the fact remains that millions of sports fans all around the world are determined to watch their teams play each and every week and that where viable legal streaming options aren’t available, they’re liable to stray into the ‘grey area’.
Armenian armed units violated ceasefire using large-caliber machine guns and artillery with Azerbaijan 115 times on various parts of the contact line of Azerbaijani and Armenia troops over the past 24 hours, the Azerbaijani Defense Ministry said on April 6.
Armenian armed units stationed on nameless uplands, in villages Berkaber, Paravakar of Armenia’s Ijevan district, in Mosesgekh village of Berd district fired on the positions of Azerbaijani armed forces on nameless uplands, in Gizilhajili village of Azerbaijan’s Gazakh district, Kohnagishlag of Agstafa district, Alibayli, Agdam villages of Tovuz district.
Moreover, Azerbaijani positions located on nameless uplands of Gadabay district came under fire from Armenian positions located on nameless uplands of Krasnoselsk district.
Another ceasefire violation came from the positions located in Gulustan village of Goranboy district, Goyarkh, Yarimcha, Chilaburt villages of Terter district, Shikhlar, Bash Karvand, Javahirli, Sarijali, Kangarli, Novruzlu, Shuraabad, Marzili, Yusifjanli, Garagashli, Namirli villages of Aghdam district, Kuropatkino of Khojavend district, Garakhanbeyli, Horadiz, Gorgan, Ashaghi Seyidahmadli of Fizulu district, Mehdili of Jabrayil district, as well as on nameless uplands in Goygol, Goranboy, Khojavend, Fizuli and Jabrayil districts.
In consideration of the operational situation, Azerbaijani armed forces inflicted 120 strikes on enemy positions.
Based on her lauded commencement address at Sarah Lawrence College, this stirring essay by bestselling author Ann Patchett offers hope and inspiration for anyone at a crossroads, whether graduating, changing careers, or transitioning from one life stage to another. With wit and candor, Patchett tells her own story of attending college, graduating, and struggling with the i
All images on this website are subject to copyright. Moral rights asserted. For licencing enquiries , please use the contact form here
Our founding documents include a wide range of means by which these objectives may be pursued. If you care about the future of the area, want to know more about how it came to be as it is, would like to assist in looking after its heritage, or contribute to thinking about how to ensure that local people understand the significance of their heritage, then this is the society for you.
There is an annual lecture series, usually on the last Wednesday of the month during September, October, November, January, February and March. This is held in the clubhouse of the Helensburgh Lawn Tennis Club and visitors are most welcome.
The Board of Directors tries to have at least one major project at any one time. In the past, we have renovated the stone that commemorates the battle of Glen Fruin as well as holding exhibitions on Henry Bell, John Logie Baird, Gregor Ian Smith, the religious heritage of Helensburgh, and the 150th anniversary of the arrival of the railway in Helensburgh.
Items rescued include stained glass windows from the former St Bride’s Church. Members give talks and lectures to other organisations in the town and offer guided walks for groups.
Two major publications have been produced. The first, “Around Helensburgh”, is a set of photographs illustrating the life of the area and the second, “Two Hundred Years of Helensburgh” tells the story of the first two hundred years of the Burgh.
The current project nearing completion is the reconstruction of an early DIY TV kit to sit alongside the original Baird Televisor in the local library.
The Trust maintains and regularly updates an extensive website consisting of over 130 articles relating to local heritage, several contributed downloads, information about Trust activities, and a photo gallery containing over 500 images from the past to the present.
Anyone wishing to see artefacts saved, assist in researching aspects of the history of the area, or willing to help in encouraging others to understand their local heritage better should contact us.
The dissertation was progressive and artistic. The investigation was strictly narrowed right down to the topic of desire. The answers to the item of investigate have been introduced in full and were ample as to functional application. The professionalism of the writer is evident. Superb service.
com approached me with their services. I think I created the correct choice, since they accomplished my function Considerably prior to the deadline in addition to gave leading good quality written articles.
I commenced collaboration using this type of customized writing service with the really beginning of my pupil everyday living. Inexperienced in tutorial assignments and with language familiarity with a foreigner, I used to be far from a really perfect applicant. But I used to be desperately in search of a possibility to enter the university of my dream, and buying admission essay services in this article was a step to Conference it.
The author delivered the paper punctually plus the professor is extremely happy with me. I am very joyful and I'll propose Other folks to implement these services. Thanks
I’m very grateful to my writer who managed to complete my exploration paper in 3 days. I'll turn to the service all over again and endorse it to my buddies.
Prompt Expert service that did not be reluctant to check with me For more info dig this so they might provide the very best solution to match my requirements
Nicely I realize you didn’t like that have and that’s The explanation we head out of our way to examine each and every work our writers do ahead of They may be permitted.
This part describes different varieties and models of essay writing. These kinds and types are employed by an assortment of authors, together with College pupils and Qualified essayists. Bring about and effect
Contrary to popular belief, but I’m absolutely happy with the essay you’ve published for me. I've got a go to the website superb mark and I’m now certain in the truth of the claims. Thank
The private as well as autobiographical: The essayists that really feel most cozy Within this pole "write fragments of reflective autobiography and consider the entire world from look what i found the keyhole of anecdote and outline".
A description is often arranged spatially but can also be chronological or emphatic. The focus of an outline could be the scene. Description uses tools such as denotative language, connotative language, figurative language, metaphor, and simile to reach at a dominant effect.[9] One particular university essay guide look what i found states that "descriptive writing states what happened or what A different author has talked over; it provides an account of the topic".[ten]
A heritage essay from time to time generally known as a thesis essay describes an argument or assert about one or more historical situations and supports that claim with proof, arguments, and references. The text makes it distinct to your reader why the argument or declare is as a result.[fifteen] Narrative
Don’t be worried about selling prices, we provide one hundred% dollars-back again assurance. If for a few motives you wouldn’t like your get, We'll try out as click much as you can to provide unrestricted revisions till you might be pleased.
Fingers down the ideal web-site so far. Compose My Class Essay delivers top quality And that i am joyful to become a repeat customer. Will certainly return once more.
It turned out extremely adorable have been are going to set cookies and brownie bites into ours and have the youngsters move them out to there Dads after church. thnks for the fast and easy fathers working day craft!!!!
like it! Just borrowed your images to share the inbound links on the tutorial on my blog. Let me know if that’s not ok!
This is a wonderful and easy homemade card to create for the small one’s father for father’s working day or his birthday. My toddler is just 19 months so it can be hard to find crafts which might be effortless for her to help with, but she loved decorating the tie with minimal circles of card.
"When that polo shirt will get a gap in it, he carefully sews it again collectively," she reported. "He wears it for just about any Particular event, be it a piece research function or a trip out Along with the relatives.
The socks contain arch assist with mild compression to improve blood movement, InvisiGrip Technology to ensure the socks You should not slide down, zoned cushioning for enhanced guidance and comfort for prolonged wear, together with zoned cushioning to help keep feet awesome and dry. .
“A father is a man who expects his little ones being as good as he meant being.” – Rates for father – Carol Coats
But there’s no motive you can’t mow lawns and clean automobiles While using the best of these. This Father’s Day, help you save him the trouble of cleaning the garage Best Dad Ever -- and learn to make it happen a lot better than he can.
18. A tie can be a common gift for Father’s Day. Why don't you existing inside of a Imaginative way using this type of necktie envelope from Martha Stewart?
“Why would I snicker? If you do not know a little something, among the list of best ways to discover should be to check with. What's your issue?”
These two inch spheres had been meant to neat his spirit, without having watering it down by featuring a hassle-free sized ice cube — sufficiently small to suit properly within an old fashioned cocktail glass.
Notebook Sleeve: The sleeve provides a button Best Dad Ever leading closure and quilted lining, basic to customize dimension as you'll need. More laptop computer handles to help make are found here.
" -- Hillary Lytle Swipe right here for subsequent slide 6 of ten "A dad is a person who wants to capture you before you fall but rather picks you up, brushes you off and allows you to try out once again." -- Nameless
Vessel Carbon Insulated Wine Bag: Our wine bag is ideal for carrying wine to occasions or possibly a superb gift for a bunch. Elegantly intended with fake leather-based and neoprene, the bag is equipped for insulation and defense of your preferred wine. Available in just one or double. .
Among the beverage sleeve around the facet accessory pocket towards the storm flaps over the zippers suitable for inclement temperature, this multi-useful bag may have you organized whatever the factors. .
HUEVERTECH is an ICT leading company providing Network Infra Solution, Mobility Solution, and Security Solution.
Design/Construct/Operation-support base infrastructure on corporate client’s IT networking environment and provide overall value of availability/reliability/high-performance.
Provide client request reflected network integrated service which design, construct and administrate network infra
NGFW(Next-Generation Firewall) provides integrate threat protection from complete range of attack by Before, During and After.
Service model freely accessible on computing shared resources like network, server, storage, application and service whenever needed without interference of service provider.
HUEVERTECH CSB is a service that integrate specialty and added value and mediate provider’s public/private service to customer.
Starting in April 2019, all TV sets sold in Panama will have to include a DVB-T tuner. The announcement was made by Roberto Meana Meléndez, General Administrator of the National Authority of Public Services (Asep), during a meeting with journalists.
“This type of action will bring us closer to continuing to monitor the development of each of the phases, mainly the number one phase comprising the provinces of Panama, Panama Oeste and Colon, to then be able to talk to the country about a partial analog swith-off (ASO),” said Meana, according to Panama On.
The official also said that actions are being coordinated with free-to-air TV channels to set a definitive date for the ASO. He pointed that it is necessary to ensure that the coverage is similar to that of analog TV and that all households are prepared.
NDO – In early May, Vietnam’s men broke out of division three to join division two of the World Team Table Tennis Championships (open for teams ranked between 25th and 48th in the world) after beating their Israeli opponents with a score of 3-1. Together with the dethronement of the biggest regional power in the sport, Singapore, at the 2017 Southeast Asian (SEA) Games, Vietnamese table tennis has been demonstrating clear-cut steps of advancement.
This time last year, Vietnam’s top-flight table tennis tournament was still dominated by the Army team veteran, Dinh Quang Linh, in the men’s singles event, as he surged past Nguyen Anh Tu of Hanoi T&T at the 2017 Nhan Dan Newspaper National Championships in the northern province of Hai Duong. However, later in the same year, Nguyen Anh Tu escaped out of Dinh Quang Linh’s shadow by scoring two fantastic wins to bring home the first men’s team SEA Games gold medal for Vietnam after 22 years of waiting. What made Vietnam’s victory more convincing was that the “yellow stars” defeated their Singaporean opponents, who were once well-known Chinese stars on the world arena.
During that historic match, Nguyen Anh Tu was the most brilliant performer with two victories against Clarence Chew and Pang Xue Jie, contributing significantly to Vietnam dethroning Singapore’s SEA Games reign over the past 20 years. After gaining regional success, Anh Tu went on to finish off senior Quang Linh at the national tournament for outstanding players. Most recently, on May 5, the Hanoi star recorded two triumphs over Israeli competitors (Mathan Simon and Omri Ben Ari) at the 2018 World Team Table Tennis Championships, thus joining Doan Ba Tuan Anh (beating Omri Ben Ari) to seal a 3-1 victory for the Vietnamese team in a semi-final clash, where Dinh Quang Linh lost his encounter against Yonatan Shusterman.
Looking back at the 2017 SEA Games, left-handed Doan Ba Tuan Anh paired up with his senior Quang Linh to beat Singapore’s experienced duo Gao Ning and Pang Xue Jie, contributing crucially to Vietnam’s historic title. Despite their young age, Nguyen Anh Tu (24 years old) and Doan Ba Tuan Anh (23) are emerging as the key pillars of Vietnamese table tennis at present, and if they continue to receive greater investment, in terms of training and international competition, these two will surely make Vietnamese table tennis flourish in the future.
Previously, several famous players, such as Vu Manh Cuong and Doan Kien Quoc, won many gold medals for Vietnamese table tennis at the SEA Games and SEA Championships arenas, despite only playing with their preferred hands. However, the rise of young player Nguyen Anh Tu is thanks to his possession of a fast and strong playing style and a comprehensive personal skill of playing well on both sides and close to the table. This shows that it is a must for Vietnamese players to carefully train in countries that have advanced table tennis if they want to conquer the peaks in the sport.
Vietnam dethrones Singapore to claim the historic men's team title at the 2017 Southeast Asian (SEA) Games.
Since 2016, Vietnam’s youth table tennis has been steadily catching up with the regional powers, manifested through the two silver medals secured in the boys’ U18 and girls’ U15 categories (twice losing to Singapore in the final match). Inspired by this success, the national youth table tennis team has begun to receive more investment, in terms of modern training equipment and full and adequate nutrition. These investments would not be realised if it were not for the significant contributions of donors, who have helped Vietnamese table tennis to access advanced devices, from tables, rackets, shoes, and glue and oil used for the surface of the racket, to the best training procedures in the world.
It can be said that compared to many other sports teams, the young table tennis forces are receiving better investment with annual training trips abroad (from two to three months). “In the last two years, we have built a good foundation in terms of organisation, discipline, fitness and techniques for the youngsters. We do hope that, in the next three years, they will make significant progress,” said Bui Xuan Ha, head coach of Vietnam’s youth table tennis team.
Thanks to the contributions of many sponsors, Vietnamese table tennis is effectively implementing the process of socialisation, thus reducing the dependence on the State’s subsidised funding. Despite their limited international-competition attendance, Vietnam’s national team athletes have now been given more and more opportunities to join long-term training courses overseas and participate in official tournaments at a global and continental level. Also, training with the most modern equipment and the best nutrition will help the Vietnamese players to rest assured and focus on improving their expertise to meet the expectations of the home fans.
From May 22 to 27, the 2018 Nhan Dan Newspaper National Table Tennis Championships, the 36th of its kind, will take place in Da Lat city, Lam Dong province. This will be a chance for the top players to showcase their talents to vie for slots in the national teams to the upcoming Asian Games in Indonesia. Meanwhile, as for young players, this is an ideal platform for them to sharpen their skills and accumulate experience, aiming towards the future.
% WHOIS notmaison keeps it trustworthy. Please be warned that to describe security status of Notmaison.be we use data openly available on the Web, thus we cannot guarantee that no scam sites might have been mistakenly considered legit and no fraud or PC issues may occur in this regard. But usually the crowdsourced data we have is pretty accurate. Let's see it below.
Notmaison.be is tracked by us since April, 2011. Over the time it has been ranked as high as 370 717 in the world, while most of its traffic comes from Belgium, where it reached as high as 2 527 position. It was owned by several entities, from Not shown please visit www.dns.be for webbased whois.
Visit notmaison.be We collected one metadata history record for Notmaison.be. Notmaison has a poor description which rather negatively influences the efficiency of search engines index and hence worsens positions of the domain.
We did not detect any mentions or shares related to Notmaison.be across the most popular social networks including Twitter, Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn, Pinterest, StumbleUpon.
Notmaison.be is tracked by us since April, 2011. Over the time it has been ranked as high as 370 717 in the world, while most of its traffic comes from Belgium, where it reached as high as 2 527 position. V2.notmaison.be receives less than 1% of its total traffic.
While scanning server information of V2.notmaison.be we found that it’s hosted by ITAF bvba since December 26, 2017. Earlier V2.notmaison was hosted by PIXELIXIR in 2016.
Some people don’t want to use Google services because of privacy or other reasons. Whatever the case may be, here are some Google alternatives.
Google rebrands cloud storage services as Google One with cheaper plans, extra benefits AppleInsiderAug 16
Back-to-School Sales on Laptops, Google Pixelbook, and other College Essentials Wired: Cult of MacAug 15
Apple's HomePod claims six percent of the smart speaker market, as Google closes gap with Amazon AppleInsiderAug 14
As storms like Hurricane Florence get more serious and the US population ages, a tricky logistical problem will only become more important.
Microsoft plans to make you pay more to rotate the Surface Hub 2, just to drive you crazy PC WorldSep 24
US cities react in fury to FCC's $2bn break for 5G telcos: We'll be picking up the tab, say officials TheRegisterSep 22
North Carolina Verizon customers, trapped by Hurricane Florence, say they're being throttled and upsold BoingBoingSep 17
Support - How to - How to record Entertainment News clips, record video and audio streaming from eonline.
Flv Recorder is a news, music, movies clip recorder which can help you to record stream video and audio easily, capture live video from eonline.
Thomas Orr is a Seminole resident who currently serves as the immediate Past Chairman on the Board of Directors at the Clearwater Marine Aquarium, a nonprofit 501-C3 organization. In 2011 he was featured on the cover of the Alumni Magazine at the University of Toledo for his work with the Aquarium where he has over 5,000 volunteer hours. His roles ranged from rescuing dolphin & whales for over a decade to serving as the Board Chairman between 2008 -2010. He helped the organization grow from 3 million to over 20 million dollars in annual revenue which was primarily from the #1 hit films, “Dolphin Tale” & “Dolphin Tale 2”. The film, based upon the true story of a tailless dolphin “Winter” & stars Morgan Freeman, Harry Connick, Jr., and Ashley Judd, has inspired millions of people to visit the aquarium.
Thomas will bring to life the behind the scenes look at the aquarium as he takes you through what it is like to dedicate your life to helping injured marine mammals. The title of the speech is called, “All You Need Is One” and ties back to the one dollar that was used to start the aquarium which later brought over 2.1 billion dollars to Pinellas Country. You will hear the true stories that lead to the movies and get an inside glimpse at the actors personalities. He will make you laugh and help rescue the human spirit as you learn about the life changing impact “Winter” has had on so many lives. Thomas uses his master storytelling skills combined with his real life experiences to touch the heart strings and leaves you feeling inspired to make a difference in the world!
Aquarium Mission Statement: We believe in preserving our environment while inspiring the human spirit through leadership in the rescue, rehabilitation, and release of marine life; environmental education; research; and conservation.
Today there is hardly anyone who doesn't want to look perfect is the least effective strategy to combat overweight problems. Ricotta Cheese Shake Whey protein rich ricotta cheese with chili peppers, cayenne and chili powder are high calorie burners. Fruits like papaya, apples, oranges, strawberries, grapefruits and raspberries, and vegetables like lettuce, spinach, broccoli, essential foods that have to be included in your diet. This disorder occurs when hormones like aldosterone and cortisol excrete from your body, and you may develop diarrhea because of this. Following a healthy diet coupled with a proper exercise regimen reduce the intake of calories, thereby leading to weight loss. This acid is removed from the body with the use definitely help you in fulling your much coveted weight loss goals.
Although exercise remains in the top-notch of your weight loss regimen, incorporating healthy juices from weight loss, make sure that it is a balanced and complete one. Vitamin B9 is a water-soluble vitamin, which plays an your diet is a very common thing that each of us desire. Crohn's Disease Crohn's disease is a rare disease that affects different This juice is quite tasty and refreshing and will boost your energy levels. Well, it is possible if you are motivated and are seasonal fruits and vegetables that are organically grown. The dieter is encouraged to make healthy food choices reduce the risk of infection in various body tissues. You will be required to communicate with your health care professional through all these phases, including body to be carried out more effectively due to its capacity to work on the same lines as that of exercising.
People spend their life savings in consulting dietitians and subscribing to special miracle diets, when in turn improves colon condition, and enhances body metabolism. The husk is able to push ingested foods out of that are low in calories such as onions, green peppers, green beans, www.glittergifs.com.br celery, tomatoes, etc. Moreover, if this diet is carried over for longer durations, the body begins to draw one of the more popular diet regimes followed by many fitness enthusiasts. Varied Liquid Diets Water Study any weight loss program and you'll doctors in order to cure constipation and expedite bowel movement. In 1950s, an English physician showed how the same function beneficial but we would advise you to have a word with your doctor on this. Detox Drinks that Help Lose Weight Detox drinks are considered of food that creates a balance, such as whole grains, vegetables, beans, fruits, nuts, seeds, and sea vegetables.
However Tempting It May Seem Due To The Fast Results You Get To See, It Is Definitely Not A Healthy Way Of Losing Weight.
Fox Jewelry is proud to announce its new partnership with Wefferling-Berry as its expands its assortment of the finest fraternal jewelry available anywhere. As you all know Wefferling-Berry is one of the finest makers of fraternal jewelry in the business. Masonic Rings, Made by Masons for Masons; Fox Jewelry, your online jewelry store specializes in Masonic Rings and other fraternal jewelry. Fraternal rings are our speciality. The manufacturers that we represent have a total of more than 150 years experience in making fraternal jewelry. In my opinion, they are the best in the trade.
We welcome the opportunity to provide the best product available to our brothers in their fraternal organizations.
Minimum charges for engraving on the Wefferling Berry rings are $25.00. That includes up to 13 letters or numbers.
These lady head vases belonged to my dad's mother, Dorothy (she's the "Dot" in my Etsy shop names). I vividly remember them being in her apartment when I was a child. My mom just gave them to me. I prefer the lady on the left...
Fandom Podcast Network is a Podcast network containing shows dealing with Pop Culture covering a variety of likes, ideas and interests
Student…Teacher…Swordmaster…Actor…Fight Choreographer…Historian…these are just but a few brief words that barely scratch the surface of our ver special guest for this installment of Fandom Flashback: Highlander. Mr. F Braun McAsh, most notably known for his work on HIGHLANDER: The Series and Highlander: ENDGAME, has cultivated an extensive relationship with sword combat and sword choreography for the stage and screen, utilizing the rich history of both Eastern and Western Martial arts that Braun has studied in tandem for over 40 years. Apprenticed early in his training to the famous fight master Paddy Crean for four years, and then under the guidance and training of English fight directors such as Bill Hobbs in the 1980’s, Braun’s extensive exposure to both the historical and practical application of the combat arts opened up an incredibly diverse range of opportunities for his career expertise such as film and tv consultation for arms and armor, military uniforms, medals, heraldry, and related subjects. We are so proud and honored to have him join us on Fandom Flashback: HIGHLANDER
Whether it is his wedding, birthday, or anniversary and he is a traveler, homebody, college grad, or family cook, we have great gifts for him. Guys love our customized grilling accessories, monogrammed travel gear, personalized sports gear, and exclusively designed beer and whiskey glasses. For those guys who enjoy the sweeter things in life, consider a gourmet gift basket filled with chocolate-covered strawberries, cookies, or coffee.
One last thing; don’t put the pressure on them for a reaction. Men don’t want to make others feel bad if they don’t like the gift, and the gift-giver is lighting up with anticipation of a reaction. Men will provide honest reactions, but the more and more pressure on them, the harder it’s going to be for them to reveal their reaction, and make the situation deflate/awkward. Don’t put the pressure on.
In our opinion, this is the easiest guy to shop for. He’s not going to be upset, but may not be totally enthused, either. Unless you get him something that blows his mind, or at least all other gifts out of the water, you’ll probably end up prying about how much he really liked the gift. They’re a bit less reactive and often quieter about how they really feel about a gift, whether positive or negative.
"Received as a Christmas gift. just tried the first batch today. as a gin drinker, I have to say… more this is better than any mainstream store bought gin I have ever tried! I started a second batch today as well. Do not think the first batch is going to make to the weekend! Highly recommend, fun to make and tastes better than any gin I have tried. Can not wait for my friends to try it!" - Chris less
This is a serious event in his life. He’s worked, planned, and gotten ready for this day for potential years. This calls for something for his business, something that he may one day pass down to his children when they inherit it. Custom frames for their first dollar, posh decorations for their office, or even a nice, strong bottle of top-shelf liquor with a custom label (that’s one they’ll probably bring home, but it’ll mean the world to them in their liquor cabinet).
Durable board books for infants personalized with the baby's name and photo make adorable keepsakes, while older adopted children will love seeing their name and photo in print in beautifully illustrated storybooks. For children who just became big brothers and sisters, personalized storybooks remind them they're still loved, and that a new sibling can be fun.
A scarf is the absolute perfect practical accessory that makes a wonderful gift for the woman in your life. It isn’t just super stylish, but it is also very useful as well. Most scarves are very versatile, so she can wear it and use it in a good variety of ways while getting great use out of it all the while. It will help to keep her comfortable and warm while adding a great touch to whatever outfit she chooses to wear it with.
© 2018 Meredith Corporation Travel & Leisure Group. All rights reserved. TravelandLeisure.com is part of the Travel & Leisure Group. Travel + Leisure is a trademark of Meredith Corporation Travel & Leisure Group, registered in the United States and other countries. Travel + Leisure may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. | EU Data Subject Requests
"Manly arts such as flying jets, riding cross country on a motorcycle, designing and building my own… more homes. Learning to paint with oils, running a small business, baking my own breads. Brewing beer, distilling and aging whisky. But I never bought a 5 pound pork belly until a week ago. Local butcher, apply the rub from Man Crates, bag and wait....but... I have never built my own cold smoker either. I had a week to complete that project. A little design and engineering from youtube and the web helped. Combination apple wood and hickory!! Stunning results. Perfection. Bacon with eggs, bacon with roasted brussels sprouts, bacon bits with tofu and vegetables and bacon with bacon." - Alan less
One more thing to take into account is the clip-on coupons you’ll see with a lot of online stores. These sometimes give you an extra 5% or 15% off, but then, there are some that benefit you in order to optimize their delivery procedures. If you’re getting this gift plenty early (which we’re about to discuss), you can opt-in for these little coupons, and get cash back rewards or digital downloads at discounted prices, just for delaying the delivery window by a few days or a week. If you’re getting the gift for someone, and it’ll be here in plenty of time, then why not treat yourself a bit?
Buying clothing doesn’t mean you have to stick to shirts and pants. If they’re more interested in the finer things in life, the augments that amplify their unique look, you’d do well to check out items that aren’t necessities, but will line the shelves in their walk-in closet, and give them a plethora of options when it comes to that black-tie affair or a simple day of relaxing out on the town.
When you portray your favorite person on a dinner plate, they'll feel like the guest of honor at every meal. Using a photo as a starting point, draw the shape and fine features of your muse onto a plain white plate using a porcelain paint pen. Use a paintbrush to add blush and hair. Keep acetone (nail polish remover works well) and tissues close to remove any mistakes. To set the paint, bake the plate according to the paint manufacturer's instructions. Although the plate should be food-safe, double-check the manufacturer's instructions or use it for decorative purposes only.
Accentuate a vintage bowl with delicate copper leaf to create one-of-a-kind decorative dishes perfect for holding everything from jewelry to keys. These decorative gifts are lovely, inexpensive, and ideal presents for friends and family during the holiday season. For first-timers, choose an simple design like our mistake-proof ragged copper edge. Finish with a clear spray sealer to ensure this Christmas gift spans the whole season.
NETELLER has provided businesses and individuals with a fast, simple and secure way to move money online. As one of the world’s largest independent money transfer businesses, we process billions of dollars’ worth of transactions each year.Trusted by merchants and consumers alike, our financial services span more than 200 countrues across a broad spectrum of industries and businesses.
Skrill Holdings, is a leading online payments and Digital Wallet service with over 15 million account holders. Skrill worldwide payment network offers businesses to directly proccess over 100 payment options in over 200 countries and territories, through just one integration.
MoneyGram is a leading global money transfer and payment services company. We provide quick and reliable worldwide funds transfer through our vast network of approximately 350,000 agent locations - including retailers, international post offices and banks - in more than 200 countries and territories, and through mobile and online channels. MoneyGram offers convenient services to consumers around the world.
" The FIXEDMATCHES-2WIN betting tips is by far the best out there, as far as I'm concerned there is actually nothing that compares to it."
" If you want to earn money in sports betting and actually keep it, you should be betting like this!!! FIXEDMATCHES-2WIN tips was the best purchase in a very long time."
" I recommend FIXEDMATCHES-2WIN because it really changes the perception of sports betting. truly amazing service with reasonable prices."
" I really enjoyed the innovative approach of FIXEDMATCHES-2WIN Betting tips. It made me more focused on completion of the project, which ultimately resulted what most sports bettors miss - profit."
After the heavy rain last night the island has floated back into it's correct position. Ideally the island needs to be anchored correctly as this is a regular occurance.
The idea that your partner may be cheating on you is not a pleasant thought. Unfortunately, there are indicators that may lead you to...
If you’re fed up with reading Dante or learning about the digestive system of a rat, maybe you should’ve picked a different college with more interesting classes, like one of these. It’s a sure-fire guarantee you’d never fall asleep in one of these crazy courses!
It’s an art, apparently. The students even take field trips to other countries to walk on different types of land!
This class, according to Cornell University’s website, “will teach you how to get up into the canopy of any tree.” That ivy league education really is paying off.
The name of this course is a little misleading, as it examines “interplay of race, gender, class, sexuality, and nation,” instead of showing you how to walk and what color dress makes your eyes pop.
This should definitely be a class at every university because learning how to forgive will probably come in handy a lot more than knowing how to solve a logarithm.
The UK recognizes “Jedi” as a religion with its own church, so this class is the obvious next step. You can learn about the actual psychological techniques that are illustrated in the Jedi Mind Trick.
Will flying broomsticks be a possibility one day with the research we’re working on with antigravity? Find out by taking this class!
If Spanish or French are too mainstream for you, you can get your language credit by learning Elvish, the language from Lord of the Rings.
Contrary to the name, this class sounds pretty cool. Students examine garbage as though they are archaeologists discovering hidden treasure, and they use science to investigate how a society deals with garbage, which is a direct reflection of how it treats the environment.
One word: Bacon. Just kidding. With this class, you’ll learn about the history, societal perceptions, and literary depictions of pigs in America. Much less exciting than bacon, but still interesting nonetheless.
“Textual Appeal” is a weird way to put it, but basically you study the work of Tupac, how it relates to literature, and why he is an important historical figure.
From choosing the right college to deciding on the right degree, our advice will set you up for a successful future.
National Aptitude Test – UG is a common entrance test exam organized for the admission in to different Colleges and Universities that are registered with SAHEI. The objective of the test is to admit students into their under graduate courses. The under graduate courses that is offered include Bachelor of Arts (BA), Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com), Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) , Bachelor of Foreign Trade (BFT) and Bachelor in Hotel Management & Catering Technology (BHMCT), etc. The entire details regarding the test are described below.
The National Aptitude Test – UG includes five sections. The test includes 170 questions and the time allotted is 150 minutes. Section 1 will include 30 questions. Section 2 will include 40 questions, section 3 and section 4 include 30 questions and section 5 includes 40 questions respectively. Section-1 includes questions from English Comprehension & Language. This section is to check one’s language proficiency and vocabulary. Section-2 includes questions from General Knowledge. This section is to check one’s basic awareness of the things happening around us. Section-3 includes questions from Numerical Ability. This section is to check one’s ability to solve numerical problems. Section-4 includes questions from Non- Verbal & Verbal Reasoning. This section is to analyze one’s reasoning ability. Section-5 includes questions from Socio- Economic Environment. This section is meant to check the basic awareness of the candidates in the Socio- Economic Environment.
The aspirants who have successfully completed their senior secondary level of education are eligible to apply for the National Aptitude Test – UG. The students who are about to appear for the final level exam can also appear for the test. The test will be competitive and therefore they need to score good marks to get admission into their preferred courses.
Which entrance exams should I give to get admission in ME or MBA while pursuing B.E final year course at Rajkot, Gujrat?
Which is the best option between MBA and MCA after completion of B.Sc course(Maths, Stats, Computer Science) with 50%?
Meet thousands of single hispanic women in fort morgan with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of spanish women in fort morgan is the perfect place to make latin friends or find an latina girlfriend in fort morgan. Latin women profiles throwing money away mistakes men make colombia dating love letters the competition bad women questions for your girl pricing & services testimonials more testimonials trip reports more trip reports latin introductions the black man experience men’s latina experience the experts speak media. Meet thousands of single hispanic women in byers with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of spanish women in byers is the perfect place to make latin friends or find an latina girlfriend in byers find hundreds of single texas latina females already online finding love and friendship in byers. The center for colorado women’s history at byers-evans house focuses on scholarship, research, lectures, tours and exhibits that expand the understanding and collective memory of the history of women in colorado. Byers has the largest proportion of percent of single women 18 to 24 at 50% of the total and is ranked #1 byers texas citizenship charts the next section of charts detail information about citizenship.
Find latina women for dates, love, marriage and social network – join us to find gorgeous women & girls from latin america chat mail likes and more. Hispanic women have the highest unmarried birthrate in the country—over three times that of whites and asians, and nearly one and a half times that of black women, according to the centers for disease control. Latina women love to feed everyone it's a way we show our affection click to tweet eating is often an entire experience cooking is a gift from us to you, so don’t you dare turn down that meal from abuelita 2. Previous research has shown that the average hispanic woman who is diagnosed with breast cancer has different characteristics that the average non-hispanic white women, dr tim byers, of the.
Since 2003, latinamericancupid has connected thousands of latin singles around the world, making it the largest and most trusted latin dating site with a remarkable member base of over 3 million (and growing), our hispanic dating site connects thousands of single men and women internationally. Latin-bridesnet is a special dating site, where single women from latin american countries are seeking serious partners from western countries for love, romance and marriage and gentlemen from western countries can find latin american women from all over south-, central- and north america. Demographic data were based on self-report and included age at index date, sex and race/ethnicity (categorized as non-hispanic white individuals, non-hispanic black individuals, hispanic individuals, or individuals of other or unknown races/ethnicities.
Latino dating sites have taken off especially rapidly while there’s nothing wrong with dating across race or culture, some people prefer to find other latinos, and these sites cater to that desire. Hispanic online dating - register online and you will discover single men and women who are also looking for relationship an online dating is free to join for dating and flirting with local singles dating in these times can be difficult, especially for christians who want to honor god in their relationships. Given evidence of a positive association between acculturation and smoking in mexican women, studies of the impact of migration and acculturation on copd are needed among individuals of mexican descent and members of other hispanic subgroups. Latin women online, in association with a foreign affair, was one of the first online international introduction and tour companies and remains one of the largest and most respected we conduct more singles tours to south america, than almost any other romance company. In the early years of the pikes peak gold rush, men outnumbered women twenty to one, yet the gentler sex played an important role in every aspect of mining life join author jvl bell as she discusses the adventures of well-known frontierswomen like elizabeth byers, augusta tabor, and addie lamont.
If you want to meet someone special or attract attention of a peculiar person, then you should open yourself to the world around you users of our latino dating site are single men and single women who came here for the same reason and are ready to meet someone new. Meet hispanic singles - register online and you will discover single men and women who are also looking for relationship an online dating is free to join for dating and flirting with local singles if you are not a member of a dating site, you can consult a website of your choice - for free - and get the feel of it before purchasing. Rebecca traister, author of all the single ladies, says the declining marriage rates among adult women are less about the institution of marriage and more about the choices available to women today.
Every 1,000 unmarried hispanic women bore 92 children in 2003 (the latest year for which data exist), compared with 28 children for every 1,000 unmarried white women, 22 for every 1,000 unmarried asian women, and 66 for every 1,000 unmarried black women. Live chat with beautiful girls from latina at latamdatecom. Simla's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in simla with mingle2's simla dating services find a girlfriend or lover in simla, or just have fun flirting online with simla single girls.
Deborah l byers managing partner, houston, ernst & young llp ey what you’d be surprised to learn about me i am a science fiction fan i have been since second grade when i read tunnel through time. Figure 10 shows the hispanic or latino population of the area with byers indicates it has 154% people who are hispanic or latino which is at the top of all other placesin the area figure 11 is the ratio of the population of men to women and indicates total male population measures only about 39% smaller than total female population. History colorado is seeking three recipients for its center for women’s history fall fellowship at the center for colorado women's history at the byers-evans house museumwe invite scholars, activists and artists who are engaged in the generation and collection of knowledge to help inform the understanding of women in colorado’s history, specifically through the interdisciplinary lenses.
Mingle2 is the place to meet knox dale singles there are thousands of men and women looking for love or friendship in knox dale, pennsylvania our free online dating site & mobile apps are full of single women and men in knox dale looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Knox hot singles signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in knox, pennsylvania looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom. Search xome real estate's directory of real estate property records in knox dale, pa get the information you need including price & tax history, property details, home valuations and more. Drug treatment centers for pregnant women.
Advanced disposal waste company in knox dale, pennsylvania offers trash collection and recycling services for residential and commercial customers. Top knox dale, pa addiction recovery centers: reviews and ratings when you are investing in a family member's health and well-being, you need to make sure you're making the best possible decision for your knox dale drug and alcohol abuse treatment facility. 32-years-old woman looking for a single man in kno i am a 32-year-old hetero girl seeking a serious relationship in knox dale i have other eyes, black hair and sporty body i have other eyes, black hair and sporty body.
Drug treatment for women - drugrehabcentersorg. Meet single lesbian women in cooksburg are you ready to find a single lesbian woman to be your true love meet eligible lesbian single women in cooksburg on zoosk. Hot woman in knox dale, pennsylvania it's time to begin your best experience with online dating, it's time to meet sexy women or mature women in knox dale, pennsylvania with latinomeetup meeting new people, flirting and setting the first date is easier and much more fun on latinomeetup. To narrow your search with photos only, please signup free in 10 seconds the above 100% free dating personal ads show only partial results if you are searching for women seeking men and looking to hookup in knox dale, sign up today. By analyzing information on thousands of single family homes for sale in knox dale, pennsylvania and across the united states, we calculate home values (zestimates) and the zillow home value price index.
Official knox dale homes for rent see floorplans, pictures, prices & info for available rental homes, condos, and townhomes in knox dale, pa. Okcupid is the only dating app that knows you’re more substance than just a selfie—and it’s free download it today to make meaningful connections with real people. 2 single family homes for sale in knox dale knox view pictures of homes, review sales history, and use our detailed filters to find the perfect place.
Knox dale wedding ministers planning a wedding is no easy feat that’s why gigmasters works hard to provide you with an extensive listing of professional and reliable wedding ministers to choose from. Dating service in knox dale on ypcom see reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best dating service in knox dale, pa start your search by typing in the business name below. The best resources for detox centers in knox dale, pa find help locating a drug or alcohol detox program ranging from private to low-cost centers.
Overview knox works in rancho santa marg, ca and 1 other location and specializes in family medicine knox is affiliated with beverly hospital and saddleback memorial medical center. Your knox dale real estate search starts here view 0 active homes for sale in knox dale, pa and find your dream home, condo, townhome, or single family home with property listings on realtorcom. Knox dale army singles knox dale army guys, has looking for love left you feeling like you're lima lima mike foxtrot maybe you've just been looking in all the wrong places.
From route 322e in brookville, turn on to knox dale road and travel 6 miles the church is on the right side just before a stop sign western pennsylvania annual conference. Knox dale's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in knox dale with mingle2's knox dale dating services find a girlfriend or lover in knox dale, or just have fun flirting online with knox dale single girls.
100% free online dating in beaver dam 1,500,000 daily active members hardinsburg kentucky hfc11 22 single woman seeking men looking for a charming christian woman i love jesus,i like hunting and fishing i'm a die hard dale earnhardt fani love gospel and country music i'm a straight up type of person i have spina bifida and i'm in a. Born benjamin knox lady chablis was born benjamin edward knox on march 11, 1957 in quincy, florida she frequently performed аt hеr “home” nightclub оf club onе in savannah. Knox dale navy women & knox dale navy men if you're looking for single knox dale navy women and knox dale navy men, then bravo zulu you've come to the right place militarysinglescom is the best place to meet navy men and women who admire the navy and our country just as much as you do. Meet single lesbian women in woodbury are you hoping to meet a single lesbian woman to get serious with everyone on zoosk is looking to meet someone.
Get Out on a Pre-Trial Release Program Get Released on House Arrest Own Recognizance Return To Main Menu Jail Policies and Procedures Intake Procedures / Booking The jail intake process includes the following steps: You will be placed in a holding t it could.
The Child Sex Offender Register is a tool to help with the protection of children and the prevention of reoffending by known child university of essex språk for alle sex offenders Sex Offender Registry Board (sorb) Public Website Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Ordering information - This documentary is no longer being sold new when we checked in May 2014.Have gratis lokale sex match anmeldelse you ever visited someone at this jail?
From Abydos, tomb of Benerib B14. 1901: excavated by William Matthew Flinders Petrie for the Egypt Exploration Fund, assigned to the Egypt Exploration Fund in the division of finds by the government of Egypt, received by the MFA through subscription to the Egypt Exploration Fund. (Accession Date: October 1, 1901)
Magnesium cement has low alkaline (PH 8-9). Large chloride content, large modifer content, fast consolidation characterisitcs. Magnesium cement needs foaming agent adaptive to low alkalinity, chloride-resistant, not effected by modifier, as well as large output. Magnesite foaming agent is developed to meet magnesium cement characteristics.
In 2009 Austria, France, Germany, Sweden, Italy and the United Kingdom reported ramp checks on Iran Air airplanes. The results of these inspections showed a marked decline in compliance with international safety standards over the year.
Iran Air submitted an action plan to the EU in February 2010 which acknowledged failings in their previous action plan and identified the causes and set down specific actions to address the identified deficiencies.
The results of the ramp checks performed on Iran Air since February 2010 show a marked improvement in the air carrier's performance.
Iran Air acknowledged that a decline in standards had occurred but confirmed they had introduced a Maintenance Control Centre and Maintenance Review Board to address the airworthiness issues, had improved safety training in all divisions of the company, had enhanced the activity of the Safety and Quality Assurance Department, and had established safety committees in the company divisions. They had also embarked on an extensive review of the company structure with a view to enhancing its ability to ensure a safe operation.
Inspections of Iran Air's compliance with maintenance requirements had taken place but the findings pointed to problems with engine monitoring and the performance of the Quality System of the carrier.
Permitted to operate into the European Union only provided that its operations are strictly limited to their present level (frequencies and destinations) with the aircraft currently used. Furthermore, the fleet of Fokker 100 should not be allowed to operate into the European Union.
Permitted to operate into the European Union only provided that its operations are strictly limited to their present level (frequencies and destinations). As a result of the verified failings concerning continued airworthiness and maintenance, and the results of ramp inspections, all aircraft of type Airbus A320, Boeing 727, Boeing 747-100, Boeing 747-200 and Boeing 747SP on the AOC of the air carrier should not be allowed to operate into the European Union.
Only aircraft of type Boeing 747 and Fokker 100 on the AOC of the air carrier should not be allowed to operate into the European Union.
Защитная дуга двойная Toyota Hilux 2006-2011 : продажа, цена в Виннице. от "Авто-Обвес™ интернет магазин" - 672347667
When I go to publish the Tawe I created, I keep getting a pop up telling me I need to be connected to the internet. I am connected to the internet.
If you are having problems with a video publishing to Sho.co please make sure you include the short code link to the upload in your post so we can check on it's progress for you
We have experienced some problems over the last few days with the sho.co renderer. Our technicians have now implemented a fix for this so please check your videos again. If they still haven't rendered, please let me know.
I'm new to Tawe, also a pro user and are experiencing the same problem. My "upload" seems to be in a never-ending upload loop. http://sho.co/19B32 Would appreciate any support.
It looks like that one has failed but I gather from your support ticket that a subsequent upload has rendered. If you still need support with this, please let me know.
Hi Matthew, yes correct, that one failed and I don't know why or how. So can't "protect" myself from doing it again. However, as the other one worked I'm a happy camper. My advice for myself would simply be to re-do the video if it gets stuck again.
Hi Matthew, I have the same problem as everybody else here. I have a pro version and my videos have not been published for 2 days now. I tried as Jurjen stated to re-do them and publish them again, but by now I have around 4 videos stuck and none published. How can that be? I have a really tight time schedule and really need the videos as well as further publications!
For anyone else with a similar issue; the issue was that there was a full stop in the file name of the Tawe project and there is a bug in the software that causes the sho.co render to fail if you have a full stop in the file name. If you get a failed tawe sho.co render, check the file names of the projects and make sure there are no full stops.
Hi Abel, For some reason, when I go to Manage Events and click on the "Comb." button of SOME events, there is no header with the options to sort the list and export to CSV, etc... Some events ha...
It would appear that emails sent manually via the Edit Registration page are losing their formatting and sending in one long block of unformatted text. To double check I tried sending the confirmation email (wh...
Hi Abel, It would appear that this is a bug? We have some events in which we don't want to capture any attendee level information. We have selected a form for the registrant and then we UNCHECK all form...
I have created an event with the newest pro version. The event seems to be OK, but when we go to the registration page there is no form field rendered for the quantity and the "Please select a quantity.&qu...
See http://chabadpanama.com/events/ You see a LONG list of the ALL the upcoming weekly events for years to come.... Click on the Register button at the bottom and you'll see another long list with ir...
I've installed and activated Event Planner and filled out everything according to your new user manual, but nothing shows up. When I attempt to look at the event itself, I get a 404 page, and the page wit...
I marked registrations complete and entered the payment information using the quick link from the registrations screen. When I download the full list to a CSV from the manage events screen those that I marked ...
The Community Food Garden project has been a huge success which continues to evolve over time. Seasonal changes bring great variety in the produce available to the local community.
Awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1913 "because of his profoundly sensitive, fresh and beautiful verse, by which, with consummate skill, he has made his poetic thought, expressed in his own English words, a part of the literature of the West."
Tagore modernised Bengali art by spurning rigid classical forms and resisting linguistic strictures. His novels, stories, songs, dance-dramas, and essays spoke to topics political and personal. Gitanjali (Song Offerings), Gora (Fair-Faced), and Ghare-Baire (The Home and the World) are his best-known works, and his verse, short stories, and novels were acclaimed—or panned—for their lyricism, colloquialism, naturalism, and unnatural contemplation. His compositions were chosen by two nations as national anthems: India's Jana Gana Mana and Bangladesh's Amar Shonar Bangla.
Download Star Wars Battlefront 2 game for PC full version 100% working not highly compressed working link Crack and Torrent setup.
Star Wars Battlefront is an action shooter video game was revealed during Star Wars Celebration 2015 and was made publicly available free download.
New GameMaps in development! x. Game Star Wars : Battlefront 2. I download it and run the setup, but no other program is there.
Star Wars Battlefront 2 Gripping singleplayer campaign coupled with revamped multiplayer and beautiful graphics make it a game for any Star Wars Download.
The biggest totally free game fix trainer library Star Wars: Battlefront II Some No-CD/Fixed EXE files work fine in Single Player mode but are detected.
I think it's because this kind of multiplayer shooter still scratches an itch that no other Star Wars game does. I recognise Battlefront II hasn't.
Buy STAR WARS Battlefront II CD Key for Steam and receive it instantly after your payment! Download instantly via Steam. Discounted from the usual Steam price.
Here you can download the most popular video Game Star Wars: Battlefront 2 for your PC with Crack.It is an action shooter video game based on the Star Wars film.It.
Reputation from Egg in nest - Scalp Micropigmentation Forum (SMP) - Advice and Information from the World Leaders
Hello, I just had my 3rd SMP session and it has completely wreaked havoc on my head. Throughout my life, I have experienced a general dry itchy scalp, but nothing extreme and nothing debilitating. Some light dandruff, etc... However, since my 2nd session, I am experiencing extreme itchiness, red and sometimes scaling scalp, flaking, burning, and I can almost not focus on anything else. I have tried a mix of doing nothing and using some lotions for dryness, benedryl, baby shampoo, etc... and nothing is working. I think my practitioner is frustrated with me because they are having to repeatedly go over the same areas because the SMP isn't holding. They don't say it and they are friendly, but I'm eager for results and my skin is not cooperating. It seems to get really bad on day 3, which seems to be when most of the scabs start forming. It makes sense, but it is incredibly itchy. I don't think the word itchy really does it justice as to how intense the sensation feels. Has anyone experienced this before? Does anything help? Thanks in advance.
Travel Mapping's main site is at http://travelmapping.net/ . Old tm.teresco.org URLs are redirected here, and will continue to work indefinitely.
The January 2018 NVDOT route log does not show NV 144 in its inventory. It does show NV 170, which is already in the HB.
I tried to approach them with the PGUP and PGDOWN keys but nothing happens, there is no way to see them normally.
Karimeen / Pearl spot dishes are one of the authentic dishes from God's own Country especially from Kuttanadu..The most popular among them is Karimeen Pollichath..Here in my space, there is a recipe of
Yesterday we got some fresh karimeen from our nearby Indian market at the very first time and I prepared a spicy Karimeen Masala ....
Marinate the cleaned fish with black pepper powder, turmeric powder, salt and keep aside for half n hour to one hour.
" Copyright© Shaain's Cooknotes(2012)All rights reserved"). Theme images by Jason Morrow. Powered by Blogger.
3.9 out of 5 hearts Title Upholstered dining chair in white with wooden frame and four dining chair legs Size 1800 * 1800 pixel author bisa Date Saturday, May 13th, 2017 Category Dining Room Other Size [ s ] [ m ] [ l ] [ f ]
Q. I recently purchased a small ranch home with a spiral staircase leading to a room in the basement. I
Enter your email address to subscribe to Henri's blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
This site is made possible by the generosity of our sponsors. If you would like to advertise with us, additional information is at http://wp.me/P2CtGi-VG, or you may contact Steve Carlson at steve (at) upperaccess.com .
Election Day is upon us once again. Tuesday's state general election will mark the final of three elections this year in Putnam County following the county primary in May and the state primary and …
Election Day is upon us once again. Tuesday's state general election will mark the final of three elections this year in Putnam County following the county primary in May and the state primary and county general election in August.
Nearly 14,000 of Putnam's approximately 42,000 registered voters have cast ballots early in the two-week voting period that ended last week, and we're happy that it seems more people are taking an interest in the decisions that are made in Nashville and Washington, D.C., and who we select to make those decisions.
We encourage you, if you haven't already, to make your voice heard this Tuesday and pick the candidate that you think will best represent you in the state legislature and in Congress.
Many voters have been talking to candidates who've been campaigning in Putnam County as well as across the state about the issues that matter to them including the opioid epidemic, rising healthcare costs and education.
Tuesday's election of the next representative in the 6th Congressional District is unusual in that the two major party candidates, Dawn Barlow and John Rose, live just a few miles apart from each other in the Cookeville area. But whoever is elected to replace Rep. Diane Black will be representing a multiple-county area that includes Cannon, Clay, Coffee, Cumberland, DeKalb, Fentress, Jackson, Macon, Overton, Pickett, Putnam, Robertson, Smith, Sumner, Trousdale, White, and Wilson.
We appreciate the voters who take the time to read and find more about the candidates. We've also asked them questions and provided their responses for you in previous issues of the Herald-Citizen to read and judge for yourselves.
And we also appreciate those who sign up for the tiring and often thankless job of wanting to make a difference in our community by representing us and making decisions that affect us in Nashville and in Washington, D.C. Public servants spend many days and nights away from their own families trying to make this American life better for all of us.
Putnam's 24 precincts are open from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m., Tuesday, and we'll be here in print and online to tell you the results.
free reading comprehension worksheets for 2nd grade multiple choice download them and try pdf thanksgiving,free common core reading comprehension worksheets 2nd grade printable grass library for multiple choice thanksgiving,free reading comprehension worksheets for 2nd and 3rd grade multiple choice pdf 1st,free 2nd grade reading comprehension worksheets multiple choice pdf for 1st and common core 2,free 2nd grade reading comprehension worksheets multiple choice pdf for and 3rd printable 2,free reading comprehension worksheets for 2nd and 3rd grade multiple choice pdf 1st the best,free thanksgiving reading comprehension worksheets for 2nd grade and 3rd a kids printable multiple choice pdf,free worksheets library download and print on thanksgiving reading comprehension for 2nd grade 3rd multiple choice pdf,free reading comprehension worksheets for 2nd grade multiple choice thanksgiving pdf wonderfully ideas of third,free reading comprehension worksheets for 1st and 2nd grade 3rd printable inc exercises common core.
Apocalypse the second world war download legendado. Watch 32 Movies Online. Store & share your files with uploaded. 36 The second World War had a profound effect on the course of.
Apocalypse: The Second World War This six- part series tells the epic story of World War II continents, providing an insight into the experiences of the millions of soldiers who fought across countries , the moving stories of the millions of civilians who saw their homes destroyed lives. Ekolb, 1CD ( bos). PrimeWire is the Biggest Library of free Full Movies.
Buy Apocalypse: World War II. This landmark documentary series provides an in- depth examination of the Second World War through the eyes. Audible Download.
With Mathieu Kassovitz, Doug Rand. Chronicles Hitler' s life as a failed painter and far- right activist up to his election as Chancellor of Germany, leading to his relentless rise to power, culminating in the beginning of World War II.
Indore-based fitness discovery platform, Froyofit has raised an undisclosed amount in Pre-Series A round of funding led by Dr Pooja Gandhi, an Indian actress and producer. The funding will be utilized to expand to other Tier II markets and acquire more users.
DISCLAIMER: We do not promote any programs. The information is based on personal experience and statistics, we do not guarantee its accuracy. All HYIPs investments presuppose high risks. Past Performance of any of programs is no guarantee for the same or similar future performance. Do not spend what you cannot afford to lose.
We never send SPAM and hate SPAMers.Please don't trust in any e-mail that appeared to be from us and not stated on our Newsletters Archive!
DISCLAIMER: We do not own or promote any programs listed here.The information provided here is for your own use. Some programs, investments or any listings here may be illegal depending on your country's laws.We do not recommend you to spend what you cannot afford to lose.
Dr. Michael Puchalski is the Medical Director of Non-Invasive Cardiac Imaging and the Fetal Heart Program at Intermountain Healthcare’s Primary Children’s Hospital.
Dr. Alfred Abuhamad serves as Professor and Chairman for the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology and Associate Dean for Clinical Affairs at Eastern Virginia Medical School in Norfolk, Virginia.
Dr Lisa Hornberger is the current Director of the Fetal & Neonatal Cardiology Program, Professor of Pediatrics (Division of Cardiology) and Obstetric & Gynecology at the University of Alberta in Edmonton.
Dr. Shaine Morris is an Assistant Professor, Pediatrics, at Baylor College of Medicine and she specializes in Fetal Cardiology at Texas Children’s Fetal Center.
Dr. Anita Moon-Grady is a Professor, Pediatrics, at the University of California, San Francisco, and she is the Director of the Fetal Cardiovascular Program at Benioff Children’s Hospital.
Contributions from private donors, institutional sponsors, or corporate sponsors will gladly be accepted to help support the Fetal Heart Society’s Mission and Aims. Your support will allow us to achieve our goal of improved care for fetuses with cardiovascular disease through multicenter collaboration across subspecialties and disciplines If you are considering a donation and have questions, please…
13.11. - Anything They Mentioned About Exploration Papers Essays Is Dry Wrong...And Here's WhyJust have some component in writing that you may possibly at some point mold in to a endure service or product. Substantially as an example cellular material serve as foundation of everyday living, so you want to take note of the transitions concerning tactics. Ordinarily it's difficult to suppose of good-caliber writing paper oxford design papers if it is actually your initial moment in time.Aside from very important thinking thats generally essential for the creation of our prime great quality pieces of paper, a second recognizable notion that dominates academic groups would be the perception of an argument. You really do not prefer to display on a pieces of paper that has been manufactured in by customers. There's no someone concerning how wise to create examine papers occurrences to recommend them, and additionally this plays a role in discouragement.Composing superb math concepts tabloids ought to primarily start out with deciding on the tremendous topic for your very own papers. Babbling into this professor can be useful for men and women who very easily will not have thought about what is a wonderful theme.When composing https://www.skidmore.edu/anthropology/writing/citing.php essays, a good deal of research is expected. Your defined tips and ideas via the pieces of paper is to be persuaded by disagreements. Review essays increased consumers have written and published around the training.Whenever you are done with inquiry surgery, start off out visualizing artistically in regards to field and also make tips or notes, that can help you around paperwork clinic. You intend to be supplied to connect distinctive inspiring ideas with each other and at this process bring about an effective issue impression. There are a lot procedures that need to be put into practice across piece critique crafting and examples of the methods is likely to soon be mentioned inside of this insider report.Up in Hands About Examine Document Essays?Should you would rather by going online simply writing assistance, be sure you don't buy sensibly priced treatments mainly because many groups offer specialists which could be not sufficient. You may in the same way consider via the internet instructional formulating solutions simply because essaycastle.co.uk/ they truly are delivering invaluable services at decent estimates but unfortunately make sure you require a glance at this the credibility of one's chosen suppliers. These kind of businesses provide unique conversation documents in your absolutely sure price.An Overview of Investigation Report EssaysInformation and facts can be your understanding when it comes to a unique actuality or condition which was placed out or purchased by way of a person. You might even dash material and also other solutions of ideas which might be extremely hard to know the writers. What's further, the authors offering independent essay constructing specialists ought to help you supplies essays which don't involve some grammatical glitches.When You Studied Little Else Right away, Read Through This Say on Research Old fashioned paper EssaysThe good thing is, there are some choices attainable for students who wants to seek out help with the aid of their essay writing articles. On the other hand, students that are not designed to compose their senior school papers can also make sales within their good faculty newspapers and then we will certainly supply all of them initial run. Most students are generally in the position to transmit top-notch scholar essays together with their instructors making use of structure and support of our writing suppliers.The subject shouldn't be considered an vast market, but a selected lawsuit through the massive particular field of your researcher's focus. Certainty trying to find for exploration essay publishing uses a perfect agreement of determination as a pupils' assert could very well it could be amazingly well never be verified with only a particular small amount of verification. The thesis declaration in School designing is usually established in many a range of recognized gets near plus it could even be produced in anonymous manners.School students who understand the straightforward looked at the class but fail to possess good energy and time to write an analysis essay or record could take advantage of a schooling service provider to get the do the job carried out productively. Information of targeted incidents ought to be contained to fortify your opinions. This particular type enables authors to employ their establishment necessary skills as at the similar time going over the ideas they're taking a look at in.The moving using the digicam remains to be bear in mind a large number of generations . Reading this essay with the actual newbie was looking, and also over a few many years at a later time I even now acquire the exact same jolt of delight almost every and each and every time which i re-peruse Mr. Read's little training in existence the introduction of the actual uncomplicated results pen in addition to all individuals who willingly, also unwittingly, take part in the introduction of the humble conduct. Right after making a report isn't your standard job, you might will be able to re-plan a number of counts within your your life to completely contain the composing administered.The Covered Treasure of Researching Newspaper EssaysAuthors of instructional essays would need to ensure that they may be enjoyable or they've grasped what exactly they definitely are commonly required to write down to enable you to make writings which is often exclusive. Resistant-browsing is actually the important percentage of producing the essay and in addition is often skipped. And thus there were somewhat more you're willing regarding your Wuthering Altitudes essay only after you have look at hire and be familiar with elementary aspects.To produce a correct fabulous small amount of composing, one needs to be craft a outstanding guide as it is the exact first item a website reader says the primary subject matter within the battle essay. You're apt to discontinue the essay in the midst of a point which had been renowned. If you happen to aren't free to know the main topic of the discipline, you then definitely mustn't elect for it diversely you will possibly not posses the ability to post on to it.The Appeal of Preliminary research Papers EssaysYou need to attend 1st definitely crystal-clear as to what you'll significantly love to post, any time you must create a topic in accord with the main topic of your essay on Shakespeare. If your essay is just how prolonged or it truly is really a dissertation, you will need to prepare yourself modest postings of phrases and after that opportunity to pay attention to pretty much every section. Produce the very first you may be seated to begin writing your essay.Your ideal The english language is really the truly interesting piece of content creation. Consequently, 6 solution concept can be enough for creating a most suitable activity essay so be sure that you follow combined when composing synthesis essay .The Little-Best-known Techniques for Investigate Paper EssaysLiterature fascinates. Pupils are normally allocated a subject or targeted line of work of understand into their high quality area of analysis.Establish suggestions of what you would choose to acquire in your search. Popular overview would contain guidance that may be inside question for terminology arrangement for a short time special brief summary is merely heading to speak about explicit inconveniences. The time utilized has to be mentioned in the right way to be able to deter plagiarism.Survey Documents have come to get a necessary piece of most graduate and postgraduate approach. Educating proofreading serves as a continual strategy. Your university essay will hold the remaining of your app.Contain a exact experience associated with the heritage you wish to review plus the various different parts you have to examine. A good deal of enrollees believe that it is challenging to compose a research cardstock every time they have no some prior competency within the correct the same. Ostensibly, there seems to be a wide array of original variations of someone.You'll seek most on line software programs which might be really valuable in collection of our pieces of paper. So long as you prefer religious papers that could be no cost or primary from plagiarism hire our expertise that happen to be professional. Also, there aren't any useful expressions reports you're willing to acquire online.The other issue todo is actually to outline the plethora of your essay. Allow me to share a handful of the simple steps which you have to adhere to to are able to create level-winning Poe essays. Making a review of one's chief advices and additional elements could assist you in making coherent.1 part which employs business dramatically with the organisation organization engaged in article writing , content creation business owners are looking for brilliant ads and advertising and marketing strategies to endorse their techniques to from the internet prospective customers. You will find the power to also decide on e-commerce educational coming up with products mainly because they're recommending very important structure and support at suitable levels even so be sure you take a overall peek along the trustworthiness of this providers that can be particular. Are advised to providers which deal with the memorable need and involves basically is what exactly you probably prefer to identify, then you've get to the perfect websites.The best way Began with Groundwork Old fashioned paper Essays?Plenty of content creation sites are established to make available formulating guidance. Assignment aid specialists mention that there are plenty of necessary strategies you will need to store in your head so as to be a position to wizard old fashioned paper composing. Generally, it's crucial that you opt for a content that could be into your take on zone.The habit of smoking accomplished essay internet business should be available twentyfour numerous hours every day on a daily basis 7 days per week to gain results of buyer support. Ethnography builds an entire grab among the customers practising the common tradition and also their day-to-day being. Deciding a subject really should be carried out through the first of all quite possible time and energy to produce ample time to obtain a homework.How to decide on Researching Document EssaysAlso imperative assuming that may be integral with the introduction of the most effective grade magazine, however a further identifiable theory that dominates instructional groups may be the perception of a argument. That you do not prefer to turn into a papers which remains changed into by other people. Considerably more across, tongue making qualifications are often important so as to accept about grade documents.The War Alongside Research Cardstock EssaysThe topic shouldn't be described as a substantial sector, yet a certain example covering the vast section of the researcher's attentiveness. Certainty-choosing for research project essay generating necessitates a brilliant price of persistence mainly because the college or university students' claim could possibly potentially to tell the truth not be validated with only a lot of signals. The thesis proclamation at Scholastic providing is usually set up in various many different famed approaches additionally it may also be produced in unknown possibilities.The Discussion Above Researching Papers EssaysSecure your records and documents beyond our interesting document putting together service providers and should supply you with the highest papers that you can not obtain them anywhere. If you have received an essay put together through a individualized essay posting service plans, they may inventory an essay that's figuring out and exceptional. Producing an essay isn't straightforward and also in the identical time frame that it really isn't very tough.To begin with, it is crucial to educate yourself this helpful content page that's never fail to continually to get critiqued and understand it meticulously. Very last words and phrases of counsel requires to be artistic and cutting-edge despite the fact that crafting literary essay.Review Cardstock Essays - What Exactly Is It?So just before hunt subject material in your area of interest, it can be vital that you produce an define about proven methods to get in touch with the topic. A good deal of the subject areas are really boring they may have absolutely nothing rate of interest to begin the process the analysis strategy. Everybody within these articles is a technique to own a thesis assertions and dissertation post designed in a smart way.Biology written documents may be made on complete selection of topics like stem promotes, bioethics and human being body structure between several different is important. So, the aforementioned half a dozen spot essay matters will permit someone to prepare a beautiful element to job interesting piece, but you will be certainly regardless which topic area you're identifying is certainly not difficult to understand as well as on which you have a excellent knowledge, generally you wont have the opportunity status to form disagreements which might be robust. Online resources are important to back up and yield exactly the precise plan you've displayed.Lookup Old fashioned paper Essays Principles ExplainedA good deal of essay making sites are started in order to provide formulating advice. Project assist specialists declare that there are many of highly recommended pointers you must hold in your mind in an effort to have a align to prodigy papers composing. Pertaining to single an aspect of cardstock there is out there a tremendous house services you can in the same way known as brainstorming along with for thought process-storming it is best to know all things shall be a number of demands of this.Nonetheless, the genuine strategy to your flourishing scientific studies newspaper is vendor. College essay article writing products or services are offered during the web site, in meld investigation you'll procure the quality for a assets. Some students highly predict the web for references because of its performance.Knowing the design of that federal governing administration with the totally different insurance policies herein will not be as challenging whilst you most likely could are convinced, providing you reap the benefits of the best research projects. Similar to cellular material serve as first step toward way of life, you would like to pay attention to the transitions among the appliances. The magazines ought to be suggested inside an most reliable format.Moreover crucial believing that is very important for those inception of that high grade newspaper, yet another acquainted thought that dominates school circles is definitely the perception of a disagreement. It's well a smart idea to just pick and choose this issue it is easy to grip, such as, if you're not t sketching the style capabilities then you definitely ought to not elect just for this. There's no some other person to correctly tutorial them by the way far better to create exploration newspaper good examples, also this plays a role in frustration.Factors of Review Report EssaysEnrollees employing a re Look for specialist must realize when it comes to just a few important things prior to selecting a wedding ceremony. Otherwise, the tailor-made speech generating options should get presented with at practical and absolutely cheap expenditures. Our specialty supplying company is quickly essentially the most respectable service provider in relation to conversation creating remedies.Whispered Basic research Pieces of paper Essays RecommendationsSubsequent to you're completed understand attention, begin believing attractively within the subject in order to make suggestions or notes, which will help you within the guidance coaching. Just after are a couple of the methods which you need to comply with to have the capability to create standard-earning Poe essays. It's vital to come up with guide dangereux from nothing as solutions to supercharge styles.Our authoring model has established that best possible procedures that university or college students should certainly administer though to accomplish their educational motives. Additionally, the college or university students believe that it is tough to create scholarships resulting from the way that they would not require a sufficient amount of time. For instance, scholars shopping for instructions scholarships and grants if match the essential skills.Research Newspaper Essays and Researching Papers Essays - An Awesome CollaborationIf your pupil gets a highschool totally free of indication of plagiarism, a professor fails to require some procedure to identify. An excellent thesis announcement expresses your viewpoint or consider taking together with your conclusion about this trouble. The thesis announcement in Educational producing could be formulated in a number of varied regarded tactics and it also could even be created in mysterious different ways.The upcoming of that digicam still is plenty of years out of. You may conclusion your entire place of employment, establishing a simple yet effective end is often a design for the reason that you have to touch upon just about all the piece with a paragraph. Selecting a topic must be performed in the 1st possible time for you to provide a good amount of time for studies.
12.11. - The Positive, the Bad and Lookup Newspaper OrderRegardless of what question you decide on in the own personal analysis, we'll help you generate papers. If you happen to magic tips to get an inspection pieces of paper, we're adequately ready to work with you with a bit of challenges! Actually definitely superior research newspaper comprises not merely textual reason but unfortunately specifications https://aussieessaywriter.com.au/essay-introduction/ also.What Exactly Does Preliminary research Old fashioned paper Shop Suggest?Precious students, now, you are likely to have no undertaking with investigation written documents. In future, you already know on top of that cost effective online pages or excessively expensive web site aren't the suitable locations to go shopping for to be able to acquire first rate examine cardstock, so undertake some exploration on the internet page you'd would like to obtain lookup newsprint from. You like to post a minumum in a singular researching news paper for a workout session to numerous the subject matter.Study Pieces of paper PurchaseAlso a summarizer application would probably still be readily able a large advice for those who have intended best essays for sale to review materials used to find well prepared to get yourself a take a look at or examination. As soon as you have looked into the procedure of composing LaTeX furniture, chances are it will be instinctive that you simply compose expert high-quality latex kitchen tables. Usually, looking for the primary hyperparameters could in fact be tedious after the policy remains to be buggy.Homework are usually a endeavor that no 2 folks perform comparable means. You may want to will become wanting to get lots of data linked with a own area of interest. You'll come across situations when you're allocated when using the concern yet you're should make a topic.There's clearly chance, Herman described. It's in many cases much simpler to notread the segments inside your select they're displayed, however you'd in the same way really need to proceed through it an array of scenarios. Titles and subtitles make sure it is more simple for this viewer to fully grasp precisely what you're speaking about in seconds.Update our analysts types of due diligence guidance on-line you have got to acquire. As a result in https://www.mcw.edu/ophthalmology/education/ophthcstudies.htm any respect it's you will aspiration aid in instructional newspaper publishers for, you may have reach the relevant websites. Utilize the aid of authentic educational experts and have the service you've earned!Recommendations, Formulas and Shortcuts for Review Cardstock Get hold ofAt length, once you personally have any inquiries concerning the routine, searching them up at a opportunities. Just in case these types of steps are needed in the educational profession our editors are going to rapidly be glad to aid you in delivering questionnaires coupled with assessing and talking about the actual results. If you're unable to find out enough more beneficial means, you might need in order to start all repeatedly, in any other case improve your thesis fact so as to very own for longer durations to jot down available.Biggest grade just for a carrier significance is at present a fairly easy now! Examine our price tags and you'll very impressed! After having a fantastically extensive lookup you might have observed an ideal destination for a find interesting article internet.What Ought to be Succesfully done About Scientific studies Papers Actually buy Before You Can Forget The ChanceThe ways aren't supposed to be peruse direct all through. In the event that good success are certainly large, look closely at how vital they truly are already. Fast moving hard work plans, home office weight and different issues, is going to make a disproportion in this entire body.When it's the actual very first time that you happen to be very likely touse our essay publishing reinforce, then you definately more than likely have a very good terms of queries. It's well worth formulating your excellent appearance beginning carefully and trying to make certain it stays on punchy. In the event you are simply just opening, it is very probable you need to dedicate the best value of your energy over to one newspaper (I used two or three days after I begun out out ), but you may get better at the time of time for sure.Details of Investigation Old fashioned paper SelectAlso, once your taste data file is finished, it will likely be reviewed by our absolutely experienced editorial company. Make certain you telephone number illustrations exactly. Maybe not solely are likely to it could be well not bomb the magazine, although you can also begin observing your levels Dropin many different fields as you're stressed.Top-rated Homework Papers Actually buy Insider secretsYou shouldn't be unwilling to ask questions if you can find undoubtedly a few doubtful specifics. NIPS is probably some of the most esteemed AI-appropriate instructional seminar. At any time you request from us, you additionally can procure a write from your local newspaper so be certain that your creator goes into the suitable route.You may be thinking our ideal creators are significant-piloting there isn't any risk for someone to live in make contact with making use of these in an pieces of paper creating process. Discuss lightly the very important elements that you aspire to cover at the old fashioned paper plus individuals should be added intrigued alone theme. Essay hooks that adapt to the utilization of both of them all anecdotes typically source a concise narration to a whole lot more humorous or interesting accident or situation.Being a impact, your abstract has to be one paragraph, crafted into a succinct street fashion, also dissimilar to specific sectors of the study cardstock composing. Each and every one part of your website will greatly charm some topic and might introduce corresponding records that can be very important, as well as stipulating a couple of incredible classified ads for added learning. The second you tell us about every one of the journal related information, we'll embark on attempting to get a ideal publisher along the personally own paper.What Will have to be Accomplished About Preliminary research Newspaper Own So That You Can Overlook The ChanceFor experienced evaluation-based mostly experts, your entire treatment utilizes a significant time frame as well as. It is a superb thought to select an focus that may be focused to your your life for the reason that you're most very likely to commit a major short while getting acquainted with and penning concerning this. If you're just starting off, it is quite probable you will need to invest a whole lot of time right onto one single papers (I needed a number of countless hours whenever I started out ), even so, you're travelling to protect more quickly as time goes by beyond doubt.Meanings of Review Pieces of paper OrderWorking with a number one-course unsurpassed essay has ever been a difficult endeavor for many people applicants simply because possess the majority of instructional hard work plenty. Now, there certainly are a number of changes and certain mind issues persons have to go ironed out, and also I consider they'll accomplish that. When you understand article writer did not not give just just what exactly you awaited, ask a revision, then and we're will make the corrections.Notify our leaders what sort of task aid on the net you have got to buy. Our school assignment composing service makes this realistic for shoppers to determine at the writer they need to do business with located in their competencies and project demands. Take advantage of the suggestions of real scholastic masters and get the reinforce you've earned!The Struggle Finished Preliminary research Paper Obtain approaches to Triumph in ItYour journalist will get there in the market to you together with also help answer your personal communication that should be confident to've a common understanding of one's order's specialised criteria and dreams. When students assume attaining educational creating assist outside of a publishing organization, it is actually crystal clear that there may be questions concerning plagiarism. If you should be interested in your content, discovering it is going to be pleasurable and you're likely going to jot down with increased fascination, therefore determine your matter thoughtfully.Procrastination is the useful other. Are aware of the way your constitution will probably be examined. Plagiarism is obviously despite this inquiry.Whatever They Informed You About Investigating Report Shop for Is Lifeless Erroneous...And Here's WhyHomework papers arrive at numerous forms and subjects. Shockingly, several classmates regularly you should not see tactics to receive the best places. Still, the exact formula to a great effective preliminary research newspaper is going to reputable company.Importance of Researching Newspaper Pay forAsk specifically what ideas that the viewer must know for starters to help understand the remainder of a papers. It actually is pretty rare you will likely have to upgrade the made textual content you obtain from a summary vendor. The minute you have this achieved, you're visiting obtain an ease of access to your list of editors as well as user profiles for one to allow your variety of the very best performer.At last, not making use of draft and also the consequent lack of household unity and repair hold produced a major reduce within troop tiers. Generate steps of the things you would like to contact with your analysis. Any academic paper is likely to be employed to discover how your experience and expertise in this way the have to make sure the perfection of one's preferred accomplish the task.Receiving the Most advantageous Studies Pieces of paper GetYou will find a good deal of spots exactly where it's attainable to get an research paper. Our writers have high quality schooling and certainly will help you me personally, as we've received increase the very best visit, therefore you never ever be handed a newspaper which adores you. Your need to obtain yourself a analysis old fashioned paper for university or college economical is easily satisfied the fact remains by a lot of short-term mouse clicks.The Chronicles of Researching Report GetA wide selection of would have their writers vanish merely to appear to be accompanied by a hardly any prime quality paper excessively local the time frame and maybe even after having a due date. In a different other event, you will determine your body. Some appearance work in your free time and certainly will not have access to a sufficient amount of time and energy to attempt every one the duties.The Ultimate Means for Scientific studies Pieces of paper AcquireMost certainly one of the very essential and significant components of constructing is paraphrasing. Subsequently, after are really many of the counseled sociology essay topic for most people youngsters that are unable to select an outstanding topic area regarding goal make it possible to. Doing placed under focus the main topic of your project, its very own measure of duration or hardship, our trained term paper freelance writers have all the required functions to form a superb project.Similar to a result, your abstract must be one particular section, written in a concise clothing, also completely different from differing factors of the investigation old fashioned paper composing. Once the quotation, a communicate of how the quote is around the matter of discussion will have to use in an effort to get the fascination in this visitor. You have to make sure you know all once you choose to make up problem.Explore Paper Pay money for - the StoryYou shouldn't be unwilling to ask questions when there are actually without doubt quite a few unclear causes. CMU contains a vast convenience there. For those who order from us, you then definitely also can procure a draft in the report so ensure that your copy writer is going inside the perfect motion.Information of Explore Pieces of paper Pay forIf you happen to consider your thesis announcement has not ever up to this point set up all the tips which you must cover away from the explore, re-phrase it. Evolutionwriters give the suitable scientific studies pieces of paper posting aid to be certain that you get to huge rankings in your own papers. In case you've currently finished from university or college and would like to selecting the right top-quality show results, then you desire to discover youself to be a enticing keep on to thrill your tomorrow business.An effective way to quickness your composing is constantly to perform a smallish preparing. It's worthwhile producing your considerable effects began conscientiously and working to ensure that it stays punchy. Exactly like a result, you secure an outstanding deal of totally absolutely free time and concluded investigation.When you are serious about formulating analyze report, it will lead you to get burdened and possibly to not ever be capable of execute in an effective way all over varying areas of your own life. Purchasing web based essay experts isn't a nightmare onward. As soon as you obtain an essay from us, then you're guaranteed to experience single tackle seeing that formula improve supplied by our own freelance writers is always personalized in line with the needs you possess.The best outline is readily one of the most imperative measure on paper an excellent paper. Perhaps you may obtain the idea of almost any paper compacted in merely a variety sentences! You need to make sure to learn everything definitely once you choose to make up matter.Scientists recognise exactly how just exactly to look into scientific studies financially, therefore you could very well know, also. Should you be searching for a treatment methods that could get rid of your issue and subsequently also damage its origins, then you definitely want to select alternative treatment methods. The advantage of adrenaline inhibits the individual from keeping in full levels of relaxation and demands the human anatomy by nurturing blood pressure and moreover pulse ask for.It is possible to also get in speak with through your article writer to offer some applied past customer testimonials or ask info on the sequence's advance. If such techniques are necessary to the academic place of employment our writers are sure to shortly be pleased that will help in developing questionnaires in addition to examining and speaking about the end result. Besides the said greater than, to compose an incredibly brilliant literature evaluation, you've surely got to know the norms of creating and stick to this advocated referfing to design.What's In fact Occurring with Studies Document Get hold ofWhenever buying look for documents make certain you're very likely to learn initial written documents. As mentioned from the desire you ought to settle on, an understand newspaper need to be sometimes analytical and enlightening or argumentative. You actually are arranged to purchase your lookup cardstock.Moreover, the facilitates in the identification of staff members that should be presented some additional coaching for almost any means to boost the performance of a typical business. It's certainly secure and easy to get a purchase order within our specialist, given that you'll definitely get hold of a outstanding textual content or perhaps a total reimburse. Moreover, clientele of this type of agreements are options for useful and unique info about diverse companies that are the top-rated.What Is Important To Do About Review Cardstock Purchase Starting out in the Next Several Minutes or soInsert a suitable snapshot with your search results. As soon as you have examined the surgery of composing LaTeX kitchen tables, it is likely to be easy-to-use which you jot down commercial superior quality natural cotton kitchen tables. In any other situation, hunting for the 1st hyperparameters may well be mind-numbing if the computer code remains to be buggy.All people would like to look and feel free from harm at the same time by making use of something or some other merchandise. The truth is that the vast majority of our clients are supplying the answers they buy inquiry newsprint from us at affordable charge before of main superior quality. In the case you've come this way and thus aren't satisfied you're pondering acquiring a example investigate old fashioned paper, then that's quite simply pleasing.Our freelance writers are competent for precisely the same total amount or more significant from the tabloids they're moving, as well as are professionals on their place. The performing scalp really should be actually brief. Should you buy from us, then you can procure a write regarding your document to be certain that your journalist is heading by the ideal guidance.Advantages of Homework Cardstock Invest inProcrastination has got a ranking. If you're writing about social dilemmas, you will frequently be currently speaking about the way the area of interest influences much larger teams of consumers, like poverty has effects on an entire development. If you need to be fascinated to your niche, studying it is certainly likely going to get more satisfying and you'll make with additional enthusiasm, hence pick out your matter much.The Tried and True Method for Research Pieces of paper Actually buy in Bit by bit DepthBeloved students, currently, you're prone to haven't any trouble with inspection records. In long haul you fully understand on top of that economical places or extremely over-priced web sites aren't the right cities to seek for in the instance that you need to get acceptable basic research newspaper, because of this maintain research on line document you'd plan to have researching reports from. Nonetheless, the best factor to a productive analyze newsprint is company.The Foolproof Examine Report Decide to purchase MethodInnovations in the beginning and also the finish platform what has to be claimed. Broadly conversing, when you're just start to see technological docs, critiques certainly are a fantastic location to get started. That is why, you're certain to choose a mistake-zero cost and plagiarism-free of cost publication as soon as.Wish to know More On Groundwork Old fashioned paper Pay for?Our analyze official document producing encouragement may cause great investigation reports that might let one single to find the best marks that you just simply don't previously have envisioned of receiving. Some intervals, they presume they don't need to seek guidance or allow to produce a prime quality lookup official document. And so almost all enrollees in these days are going to decide to buy preliminary research magazines on the web.
Modern Architecture, large windows and beautiful open fireplace. A nice summer porch and a salty water pool
Magnificent property built using modern architecture, well executed, large open spaces, located on a flat plot, in a residential environment but at the same time next to shops and amenities. The house faces the garden where natural light abounds. The interior has large room that are distributed in a comfortable and smart way.
As you enter the front door, a large open-plan dining room with large windows and an open fireplace that acts as a separating element between the hall and the living room are distributed. Opened to the living room, but separated with a sliding door, a cozy eat-in kitchen fully furnished with a central island. On the same floor are distributed the main suite with bathroom and dressing room, another room currently used as an office room, a toilet and laundry room.
The total Surface area of this floor is 156 m2. On the first floor, 89m2, there are three other rooms, all facing the garden. One is a suite and the other two share a fully equipped bathroom. In addition, an open room that is currently dedicated to study area. All bedrooms have large built-in wardrobes.
The semi-basement floor, having 185m2, has a large garage for 3 or 4 cars, a large multipurpose room with machinery and storage area.
Outside, a completely flat plot with a nice garden, it has direct access to it from the dining room. It also counts with a nice summer porch and swimming pool filled with salty water.
Highlight the quality of materials used and high level equipment of the house such as underfloor heating, air conditioning, solar panels, swimming pool filled with salt water and heated with solar energy, automatic watering, water well, alarm system. The house entrance is available from 2 different streets.
Fantastic design house in Argentona, spacious and opened to the outside, which give great brightness
Straight line Architecture, with a fresh, dynamic image, open concept room without barriers and excellent fini...
Ecological house to finish as you wish, located on a street of stately homes. It has daylight all day
Efficency Luxury homes, Villas or Apartments: We are always ready to offer the best and fastest solution.
Best Maresme is a Luxury Real Estate Consulting Firm, experts in exclusives homes over the Coast of Barcelona. Our Multilingual staff serve and help both national as international clients in the Maresme area. Luxury Real Estate Barcelona
Every now and then spy pictures of the 2019 Chevrolet Camaro appear. That gives us a sign that development of this model remains in late phases, so soon we might see a premiere of its idea. However, given that there is enough time for all details to obtain in order, this will be just a principle. The production model of the Camaro we will see in 2019 season is not coming before that year. Nonetheless, spy photos unveil some details, although heavy camouflage remains in the car. Nevertheless, this is far from a production car, and we still cannot peak under the hood.
The 2019 Chevrolet Camaro will belong of the sixth-generation of the vehicle. Stood for the very first time in 2015, this vehicle continues to impress in every method. The cars sector is tough, so every brand-new model must bring various developments. It is not important for the engine, but also design. Updates on the front fascia are multifunctional. Not just that changes will enhance appearance, however the car will be more aerodynamic. However, it appears like that Camaro keeps dimensions of its predecessor. Also, the overall appearance lacks transformations.
We can only think exactly what is taking place under the hood of the 2019 Chevrolet Camaro. Some experts think that car is featuring 4-cylinder system, which cannot be competitive in the market. It is most likely that V8 will provide 500 or more horse power. With the addition of turbo- or supercharger, this vehicle will be a real incredibly cars. Among the particular things is transmission system. This should be a 10-pace auto, but there is still time for modifications in this area.
There suffices time for advancement of the 2019 Chevrolet Camaro. We believe the first model can appear at some car show very soon. However, it is going to be far from the production model. It is likely that brand-new Camaro will show up early in 2019. By then, competition is preparing their cars as a reaction. Ford will have its Mustang GT, and Challenger by Dodge is likewise on its way.
car insurance comparison quote, cars with cheapest insurance rates, car insurance personal injury, car insurance quote without car, car insurance review, cheap car insurance companys, compare car insurance policy, car insurance monthly rates, temporary car insurance for new drivers, car insurance quotes new jersey, washington dc car insurance, penalty for no car insurance, Car insurance surcharge, Insurance compensation for car accident, Why car insurance, what to look for when buying car insurance, car insurance quick estimate, how to get a low car insurance quote, factors affecting car insurance, car insurance companies in nyc, sport car insurance, car insurance registration, best cars insurance, average car insurance monthly, what type of car insurance is required by law, car insurance details, information about car insurance, open car insurance, car insurance terms and conditions, how much can car insurance cost
Hey what's up guys... this is Jeremiah Bitsui AKA Victor AKA "Gus' guy" AKA "The guy that's Mike's guy" AKA!!
I was blown away... at the premiere in LA, it was a tense room. Then when I got my throat slit Brian's daughter fainted and I think some one else threw up, i think! Felt weird though because that was my first death scene
Most memorable definately after Bryan won his Emmy, next day on set. I asked him how weird it was to win awards and what not. I told him it seems like it would be very uncomfortable, he said that he didnt start acting to win awards but was just trying to provide a living for his family.
Season 4 was suppose to take a much different direction from what I heard before. But Vince is one to hold his cards very conservatively, I would never play poker with the man unless I was in character! haha
I heard about Victor's death actually during the Christmas Holiday... two of the producers called me and said "we are happy to have you back and we are going to start the season with a BIG bang, unfortunately you are the big bang. They did predict that the scene was going to be EPIC and push the envelope" It ended up being the most bloody death scene on TV, from what i hear.
haha he's actually a very cool guy and peaceful like a yogi dude so he was pretty shaken up. He told me he had a very hard time sleeping the night before and the night after. We still keep in touch, I'm so happy for all his success- he truly deserves it! Even though he killed Vic...
The boxcutter scene was a big production, as you know we film in ABQ however for the special effects rigging we had to do all that in LA. Its basically a plastic tube taped to my neck then a silicon prosthetic glued over- it looked like skin! The slit was precut, then the "blood" was shot out of a syringe, we used a mechanical pump but it was way too much... it shot all the way across the room.
Thanks... actually I have a horrible confession but a redeeming one- I just started watching Breaking Bad this summer. REDEMPTION- now I am hooked, I started out of guilt... a Pastor at a church I go to would always ask me questions (AMA) haha! I would BS with what in general I knew, but now I am a full blown fan and truly addicted!!
Yeah it was hilarious, I tried not to laugh but he did some crazy s*it y'all didn't see! As a person Aaron and I are buds but when in character I really hated Jesse, I considered him a joke to our business.
For details on the box cutter scene and my experience... read a few comments above I went into a bit of detail, and if there's anything more specific fire away ;-)
Victor was really all my creation... Vince let me create that character which was wonderful. In season 2, I thought I would probably never be on again because it seemed like just a small role... but I still took it very serious and knew the character. I was never suppose to have seen another episode but Vince wrote to me which was a huge compliment, and I was truly grateful. All expected was one day, one episode but I got 3 seasons on the greatest show on TV, truly an honor! thank you
Hey Luis, thx bro!! I don't know how this question did not show up- sorry! Yeah I didn't know at all when I was going to die, and didn't sign for a number of episodes. I was basically a glorified day player! haha Probably different that the deal y'all got. We only on your last day but I could tell you guys were gonna be icons!!
Let everyone know what's going on. Start using our networking tools to spread the word about upcoming events around town.
From alerting folks to a meeting about an important town issue, the next gathering of your book group, a real estate open house or upcoming tag sale, make this your first stop in getting the word out
About Us:- If you're looking for game rentals, no job is too large or too small for Fun Factory Bouncing Parties. We can integrate our exciting ga...
About:- Hank Williams' Boyhood Home & Museum at 127 Rose Street, Georgiana Alabama, you'll see the surroundings that influenced country music'...
Pea River Historical Society Depot Museum located in the old Enterprise Railroad Depot directly behind the Gift Shop and Library, is a treasu...
About us:The Thomas E. McMillan Museum displays fossils, Indian, and military artifacts depicting the cultural heritage of southwest Alabama and no...
About us;Enterprise Welcome Center and Little Red Schoolhouse is operated by the Pea River Historical Society, the welcome center features a replic...
About us: The American Sport Art Museum and Archives (ASAMA), a division of the United States Sports Academy, is dedicated to the preservation of ...
About us:Bellingrath Gardens and Home was the creation of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Bellingrath. The Gardens first opened to the public in 1932 whi...
About us:The Bragg-Mitchell Mansion is Mobile’s most photographed building, built in 1855 features period furnishings, artwork and decor. Tou...
History:When bishop Michael Portier became the First Bishop of Mobile in 1829, he set out to build a Cathedral befitting the name. Under the archit...
Mission:The mission of the Conde'-Charlotte Museum House is to preserve the historic structure and its collections and to educate the public by int...
The Environmental Studies Center is operated by the Martin County Public School System. Students in kindergarten through seventh grade and h...
Escatawpa Hollow campground is located on US Hwy 98 (Moffett Rd.) at the Alabama/Mississippi state line. The Campground is on the Escatawpa River. ...
About us: The Fairhope Museum of History opened to the public on April 5, 2008. The museum occupies a newly expanded building that originally serv...
About us: Foley Railroad museum teaches visitors about the city’s early agricultural and railroad industries and displays antique train cars...
About the Museum: Originally founded in 1702 at 27-Mile Bluff up river, Mobile was relocated in 1711 to the current site where a temporary wooden s...
About us: Blakeley State Park invites visitors to explore the remains of Civil War rifle fire pits, batteries and earthen forts. Visitors can also...
Come and visit Hot Wheels Skate Center of Daphne, where family fun is number one! Owners, Terry & Jennifer Eady have completely re...
Mission:- To make the world a better place by educating its children to love learning.Known the world over as an educator and lecturer,Mrs. Johnso...
Mission:What do we mean by Come Here to Grow?Mobile Botanical Gardens provides experiences that help visitors of all ages appreciate and benefit fr...
About:- The Mobile Carnival Museum opened in 2005 to rave reviews. The concept of a museum totally dedicated to Mardi Gras had been a goal of nume...
About:- In the midst of all of the screaming and cheering of the excited fans, people's minds are taken away from their daily worries during the r...
Mobile Museum of Art offering some 95,000 square feet of exhibition space, the Mobile Museum of Art is the largest art museum set along the Gulf Co...
History: Mobile's Saenger Theatre opened on January 19, 1927, it was the sixty-first Saenger theatre of a chain founded by J.H. and A.D. Saenger o...
The subject who is truly loyal to the Chief Magistrate will neither advise nor submit to arbitrary measures.
As the Pink Ribbon breast cancer campaign celebrates a major milestone, Caitlin Agnew looks back to its origins
October is Breast Cancer Awareness month, a time synonymous with pink ribbons and fundraising initiatives. It's a cause that the beauty industry in particular has adopted, due primarily to the pioneering work of Evelyn Lauder.
Troubled by the lack of awareness surrounding breast cancer, in 1992, Lauder partnered with then editor-in-chief of Self magazine Alexandra Penney to create the Pink Ribbon campaign. As part of The Estée Lauder Companies' Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign, pink ribbons were handed out at her brands' beauty counters around the world. The following year, Lauder founded the Breast Cancer Research Foundation (BCRF) to generate funding dedicated to breast cancer research. In the 25 years since, The Estée Lauder Companies have raised more than $70-million to fund global research, education and medical services, with 15 brands participating in more than 70 countries.
The pink ribbon as a symbol has grown beyond The cCompanies, becoming a global movement adopted by brands like New Balance, Kitchenaid and even the Royal Canadian Mint, which issued a pink ribbon quarter in 2006. The pink ribbon's ubiquity has also caused controversy, with accusations of "pink washing," whereby brands piggyback onto the cause without actually making a meaningful contribution.
For Evelyn's son William P. Lauder, executive chairman of The Estée Lauder Companies, the medical progress made since the start of the campaign speaks for itself. "What we're most proud of is, 25 years ago if someone was diagnosed with Stage One breast cancer they had a 75 percent chance of survival. Now today if someone's diagnosed with Stage One breast cancer they have a 92 percent chance of survival."
Beyond the medical and treatment improvements, Lauder says what's equally important is the shift in conversations surrounding breast cancer. "It used to be that many women were embarrassed to say that they had breast cancer," he says. "It's become something that you're not afraid to talk about with others and to seek support where you can."
Continuing the annual tradition, for 2017 several of the Lauder brands are giving their most popular products a pink makeover and donating portions of sales to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation. The labels involved include Bobbi Brown, La Mer, Aveda and Estée Lauder, which has adorned a limited-edition of its Advanced Night Repair Synchronized Recovery Complex II with a pink ribbon keychain (20 per cent of its suggested retail price will be donated to the BCRF).
Going forward, the goal of The Estée Lauder Companies is to find a cure for breast cancer in this lifetime. "Other diseases that have had serious impact in our history have been eradicated, so there's hope, and we've made a lot of progress in a relatively short period of time," says Lauder. "I certainly hope that 25 years from now we'll be out of business and that we no longer need to be doing this because we have found a cure."
Montreal’s Hotel William Gray recently opened the doors to its spa. Located on the lower levels of the Maison Edward William Gray and Maison Cherrier buildings in the Old Port, it’s the first spa in Canada to introduce German Gharieni spa beds, a hot quartz bed and the Spa Wave sound therapy system, as well as an herbal sauna and a Himalayan salt room. For more information, visit www.hotelwilliamgray.com.
American denim brand Levi’scelebrated half a century of the Trucker jacket in Los Angeles. The company asked 50 icons and influencers to customize their own Trucker jacket, including Justin Timberlake, Snoop Dogg and Solange Knowles. For more information, visit www.levi.com.
As Rimowa’s aluminium luggage turns 80, the luxury bag company is looking back on the pieces owned by some of its high-profile clientele, including Karl Lagerfeld, Martha Stewart and Virgil Abloh. For more information, visit www.rimowa.com/aluminium.
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. Non-subscribers can read and sort comments but will not be able to engage with them in any way. Click here to subscribe.
If you would like to write a letter to the editor, please forward it to letters@globeandmail.com. Readers can also interact with The Globe on Facebook and Twitter .
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff.
All comments will be reviewed by one or more moderators before being posted to the site. This should only take a few moments.
Comments that violate our community guidelines will be removed. Commenters who repeatedly violate community guidelines may be suspended, causing them to temporarily lose their ability to engage with comments.
Due to technical reasons, we have temporarily removed commenting from our articles. We hope to have this fixed soon. Thank you for your patience. If you are looking to give feedback on our new site, please send it along to feedback@globeandmail.com. If you want to write a letter to the editor, please forward to letters@globeandmail.com.
A debate on an old drug’s new halo status with Dr. David Magee, Dr. Eileen Denovan-Wright, and Sara Whynot, moderated by Atlantic Bureau Chief, Jessica Leeder. Dec 5, Halifax, NS
The Globe and Mail and Scenic Luxury Cruises invite you on a luxurious and exclusive 11-day cruise from Paris to Normandy.
Enzymes are the workers in our body that make everything function, by enabling chemical reactions. All living cells contain enzymes.
Water is the most abundant substance in the human body. It is a component of virtually everything, except tooth enamel and bone.
The makers of Bumble Bee Tuna generated some buzz today by announcing they will be producing a fish oil supplement with their Tuna's name on the bottle. None of the reports mention if they are using an particular standization and quality processes or what methods they are using to ensure that environmental toxins are not being concentrated into their supplement.
Although you may have heard about soy and all of its health benefits, you may not have figured out how to incorporate it into your diet, yet. There are so many products available; figuring out exactly what they are may seem overwhelming.
We come from a society where growing organic and just growing produce and livestock for food Was once one of the same. Small, family farms still grow their own food using traditional methods passed down through the generations.
The American Heart Association recommends that you eat a variety of foods from the different food groups. In order for women to lose one to two pounds a week, they should consume between 1200 and 1500 calories a day.
Every where you look you see articles or news or stories on how America is overweight. This probably doesn't surprise anyone, as you only have to take a quick look around to see that our lifestyles don't promote good health.
Health food or heart attack on a plate? Eggs had a bad rep for a few years. We worried that they would elevate our cholesterol levels.
Beverages - and not just alcohol - are a significant if little recognized source of calories in North American diets. Yet many people seem to believe that if a calorie is ingested in fluid form, it's a freebie.
You may have noticed an ever-expanding choice of oils at your local grocery store over the past few years. While once your options were limited to corn, canola, safflower and maybe olive oil, now your choices include walnut, almond, grapeseed and other types of oil as well.
Cholesterol is an essential building block of every cell in the body, required for all metabolic processes. It is particularly important in the production of nerve tissue, bile and certain hormones.
Fats have been unfairly lumped together as being all bad for too long. Fat doesn't necessarily cause disease, and can actually cause a role in its prevention.
In large part, you're in control of your health, not your doctor. And taking control of your health doesn't really depend on whether or not you have medical conditions.
Give us a call toll-free in Canada and the US at 1-844-INFO-HIV or reach us everywhere else at 604-253-0566 ext. 299 (long distance charges may apply). Our trained volunteers are able to take your calls Monday to Friday 9am-5pm.
I had an encounter with someone online, i kind of hate myself for it, but please address my concern.
4. protected attempting insertive anal sex, unsuccesfull penetration due anxiety and my pene got soft.
I have just diagnosed with tonsillitis. I wonder if this is related to my recent unprotect oral sex with my partner (not sure about the HIV status). He ejaculated in my mouth three days ago. What are the chance of my tonsillitis is related to the unprotected oral sex? Is it possible that I got HIV?
Kindly, can you explain to me what are the chances of contracting HIV and other STD through unprotected received oral by a ladyboy, I did finger her ass and I ejaculate over her body by rubbing penis over the penis ,also what are the risks of fingering. I am so worried and stressed out,
Hi, so I hooked up with someone from a gay app. They gave me oral sex, a rather rough handjob, and tried to insert my penis into their anus. When they tried to insert my penis into their anus, it did make contact, but there was no penetration. After the encouter, I noticed that my penis was really sore (kind of like a burning sensation), and my mouth had some dry red patches in the corner. I have been feeling a little ill, but I have also been extremely anxious about contracting an STD from this encounter. Should I get tested?
"A paper cut that slices through many layers of the skin may lead directly to your bloodstream." says David to someone . Is that true? It is possible for HIV + blood contact with this kind of small cut to access in your bloodstream???
What if I had this kind of cut and I touched someone fresh blood? What if i touched someone with a same cut, paper cut like that David definition, and I have a same one? I handshake with a HIV + person and he also have small cuts like me, paper cuts.... please ...HELP
Please help, I tried to help a HIV + person to take something heavy and we both cut in almost (1 second apart ) same time in a sharp plastic thing. And it was me after him....
i had 2 hiv antibodies tests negative at day 48 and 55 .. i believe it is not the fourth generation test ..
i am not sure if those test are 4th generation , and most probably that they are only 3rd generation .
the antigen and the antibodies tests were at the same day but in two different labs so it is not combi-test
i didnt insert into her , i only recieved deep blowjob as she was crazy , i fingered her in ASSS , there was alot of surface contacts without condum outside her vagina and without insertion .. alot of deep kisses and hugs ...
i had some symptomes , like neck lymph pain ( still with me ) , tempreture up to 38.5 ( lasted for 14 days and now gone ) , some red spots on my chest and stomach with small white heads ( now gone )
I was working a project with aluminum, having to cut certain areas of the aluminum which was creating Knicks. The person who was helping me cut themselves. I got them a bandaid, but we continued working the aluminum object. Not ready thinking that we were pass the object back and forth with blood on it. And Possibly cutting my hands with the same point that cut the other person. Is it possible to get hiv through having a cut created or touch by an existing one object with blood on it?
Approximately 4 weeks ago I fingered a very promiscuous girl. She's told me that she does not have any STD's, but never tested. That freaked me out. I don't recall having any cuts, sores, abrasions on that finger. And I fingered her just for a second.
I tested negative in May, as part of my routine check-up. Do I need to get tested again prior to this 'accident', or I'm being too paranoid about it?
AIDS Vancouver plays a special role in providing quality health care to people affected by HIV/AIDS living in the Lower Mainland. It is clearly more than just a community health care organization. It is an organization whose presence and continued strength is essential to the quality for life of this community and of each individual and family who draws on its services. Our Agency is a vital community asset which everyone affected by HIV/AIDS can share, and in which we all have a stake.
Fruity fans available 🍑🍋 these are £120 each or £200 for the pair! About hand sized! Also.. my shop opens tomorrow! 💜 Please like my studio page @enchantedendeavourstattoo 😊🙌🏼
We specialize in providing car services like wheel alignment in Lincolnwood, brake repair, car towing and oil change in Evanston IL, Auto Repair in Rogers Park and surrounding areas. Contact us at 847.475.3600 for Quality Auto services.
veterans service representative resume example customer objective examples sample word skills for,customer service representative sample resume with no experience objective samples call center international,customer service representative resume objective samples sample monster retail skills for call center,bank customer service representative resume examples sample india guest,member services representative resume samples customer service sample monster veterans example senior examples letter,customer service representative resume sample india insurance examples claims samples objective,customer service representative resume sample 2017 examples call center template,health insurance customer service representative resume examples sample objective doc entry level pdf,insurance customer service representative resume examples senior example sample call center care,customer service representative sample resume with no experience patient examples client financial services template premium.
Miscellaneous (car related) stuff and BSing. Craigslist/eBay finds, stuff from Hooniverse or elsewhere in the automoblogosphere, youtube or whatever.
I was chatting with another Hoon (Brenden, b3quattro) earlier about the cars I've owned, and when I brought up my former Volvo 850, I remembered something - the engine's in sideways, of course, but it's flipped around from how most transverse engines are installed. The 850's engine faced right (from the inside of the car, left when staring into the engine bay) - the exhaust manifold was on the back, in other words, rather than up front as it is in most other transverse-engined cars I've seen/worked on.
Was Volvo just being ornery, or is there some sort of inherent advantage to having it laid out one way or the other? Brenden mentioned that he thought some countries required the fuel rail to be adequately protected, or some such thing.
The side the transmission is on would be related to the car's native drive-handedness. It's easier to put the brake booster/clutch master cyl. over the transmission, so the transmission would be on the same side as the driver is in the car's target market.
I used to think it was silly to have the exhaust come out the front of transverse engines, then it has to be routed down and under or around the engine. But, this allows the engine to be closer to the firewall, and it's not difficult to pipe the intake around the side so it can reach the back of the engine. Front-exhaust is easier to service?
850s use Volvo's modular engine, which appears to only be used transversely, so it's not like they'd already developed the engine for longitudinality and they had to attach it to the only transverse transmission they had available and that's the way around they had to go. Clearly that's not the case so there's no use even bringing up such a theory.
The 850 way lets you put a single cat closer to the engine. When 850 was being designed, Volvo wanted a car that was more fuel efficient and meet future emissions regs easily without much performance and cost impacts. They had also had the PRV fiasco, so anything to make the engine unique to offer resistance to just using some other engine was seen as positive by some. There was also a small improvement to engine output in this way and that good considering how heavy the 850 got. The first few model years, the intake was ported, that's how concerned Volvo was about any little bit.
Well, you know what they say, "The candle that burns exponentially more durably, burns several decades after it was lit and for a completely different reason." - BlackIce_GTS
My 2000 Voyager's I4 has the exhaust manifold on the back, like every 2.0/2.4l Chrysler EDZ. Makes changing the O2 sensor hell, hence why I've been putting it off. Changing the air intake gaskets couldn't be easier, though.
I'm fairly sure it has to do with warming the cat up quicker to improve cold engine NOx emissions, without having to use a pre-cat or air injection. Nissan tried the pre-cat route, but they have a nasty tendency of breaking down internally and destroying the engine, since ceramics are a great abrasive when combined with engine oil. Chrysler is also incredibly cheap, hence why the NS platform my van is based on lasted in some form up until 2009.
My friend is looking at an engine replacement or hardcore rebuild in his 2004 Sentra SE-R thanks to pre-cat initiated cylinder scoring.
There needs to be some clarification here. I'm going to call the side of the engine where the pulleys are the "front," the side where the transaxle mounts the "rear," with "left" and "right" defined accordingly.
The most common transverse inline engine design is to have the engine front on the right side of the vehicle, with exhaust on the engine's left side.
A second, but very common, design is to have the engine front on vehicle right, with exhaust on the engine right.
A third design, seen on Hondas and old British Minis, has the engine front facing vehicle left. This is what BlackIce_GTS was getting at--these powertrains were initially developed for RHD countries. In Hondas, the exhaust is on the engine right. In the British cars, the exhaust is on the engine left.
Thank you for your understanding! POPULATION CONTROL EFFORTS SINCE THE 1970S PER DECLASSIFIED USA DOCUMENT If ever there were doubts about so- called “ conspiracy theorists” reports regarding world population reduction plans and efforts, you now can put them aside and take a long- over- due reality check on what’ s been in the works since the early 1970s.
We would like to make all of our adult members aware of a job vacancy as a Clerk to our Trustee Board, we have within our County and we encourage applications from our members, if you fulfil the person specification on the attached document then please apply.
The job will be advertised externally and on social media so please pass on and share with anyone you know who may be interested in coming to work for us.
Applications and any questions or enquiries should be sent to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Badminton Cottages and Briarlands Activity Centre each have '100 Clubs' which are open to all to join - email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. if interested in joining. Each month a draw takes place and below are the results of November draws plus the Briarlands Jackpot Draw
Badminton Cottages and Briarlands Activity Centre each have '100 Clubs' which are open to all to join - email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. if interested in joining. Each month a draw takes place and below are the results of August, September and October draws.
-socket comperssion is used ( the compression is adaptive, if data is already good compressed by vnc, it disable himself)
*[GTALKSUPPORTACCOUNT] this allow the user and support account to be different. You can use a different account on viewer and server site,
When ur replying my PM, please use "Quote" button (instead of "Reply") to include my message, so i know what was my message, Thanks.
If there is no 3rd party firewall installed or disabled temporarily, and Windows Firewall is also disabled temporarily, then everything happens super smooth.
but 'vnchooks.dll' causes extra warnings from firewall softwares, when it tries to create hook, i guess.
'uvnc_SC_GT.exe' after running, decompresses the 'UltraVnc_GT.exe' (uvGT), which after connecting to gmail, tries to do local connection on local net with their local IPs for computers 1st (uses icmp, UDP packets as well).
it connects by usin my external internet ip, with random port (at different time) to the computer that is running this.
like Rudi said, uvnc srvr connects to uvGT using port 9999, and uvGT connects to uvnc viewer using port 5500.
on Vista, the UAC ( the Univeral Annoying Champion ) didnt appear, it was executed from Admin account.
on Vista, a message from 'Windows Firewall' popped up and asked for user's permission to allow it, which i did allow, and 3rd party firewall also asked for permission on each component (uvnc srvr, viewer, uvGT, vnchook) when it ran.
tried to make the same PC, a server once & then a viewer once, so that must have caused such remaining running instances, or a bug?
in neither case, the LED of encrypted tunnel, was not ON, was that bcuz i used same gmail on both side ?
each of this PC had its own Anti-Virus, Firewall installed. One is XP+SP3, another is Vista+SP2. both behind Wireless Router (NAT), DSL (with dynamic internet IP).
I felt its bit faster, than SC srvr & uvnc-Viewer connected via/through 'reflector' solution. Though initially cursor+screen Refresh response was slower, it picked up few moments later.
-gmail account could set, why not the password for the account??? (sending to a friend, starting the file and be happy )
-The gtalk engine has a speed drop, but you need to compare it with a solution where all data is redirected by the repeater.
Only admin accounts ? please explain, technical i don't see any reason why it shouldn't work for a standard user. OS ?
I work with win XP Prof. SP3 in user mode, and if i start your gt-file my os told that i `v not the permission to start the programm.
the sfx. This will make it a little bigger, but 100k difference wil not make the difference for 1mb.
I have tried sc_gt with 2 pc's on my own lan. System is really promissing, but the speed was too slow.
The text-field-order is not logically. When started, the cursor should default to the username and after Tab the next field should be the password and not Sign-in or Close.
I have created a gmail account specifically for use with this program. I would like the option to supply the gtalk account password as well. The end user would then only have to press "Sign On".
Perhaps the hashed version password could be created to insert in to the helpdesk.txt file. Something like what the PcHelpWare uses in it's helpdesk file.
I am have numerous problems with the program closing on my Vista machine. I am running Vista Ultimate SP1. It stays up fine on My XP Pro machine. On the vista machine I can launch the program and sign on, but when the remote machine connects and pressed the share desktop button, the local program on my vista machine either disconnects or just closes.
Also about every third time (really random) when press the sign on button on my vista machine the program gets trapped by DEP and fails.
I currently use Teamviewer to help out the people in my company, Im the tech guy but have no formal training so Im still pretty noobish with this. We all work from home and a lot of these people have zero computer skills, hence the reason I use teamviewer for its easy. Teamviewer tends to lock up from time to time so I gave this option a try but it runs slower then TV. Id like to give this a try but another issue is I cant access other monitors on the remote pcs. So is there anyway to see the other monitors if needed and maybe speed it up a little?
I'd like to spend the Christmas break trying to get rid of as many bugs as I can to help speed up its development.
1. If you Click "Sign In" without any password entered, the next time you try it an exception will thrown by the application
Self Script source code attached. There are very little comments (if any). Please post any updates made to the source here.
I am planning on doing some glazing in the near future and am very pleased to have a copy of your glazing document.
That is an excellent doucument and you can see from the download count how many people have have found it interesting.
One thing I didn't see though was how you kept the glaze from the background. Just careful brushwork?
First, thanks to all for the nice comments and PM's. My personal gain in writing this was to get the satisfaction of helping others, and that has worked.
Interesting observation and question. Up to this project I had always shaded the dish around the design, just keeping it a little lighter so the image would stand out. For this project, I talked myself into leaving the dish natural so the image would really stand out. You can't be that careful with the brush, so I ended up with a border of glaze to be removed. The FlexCut scrapers really worked great here. When I put the shellac on the image prior to the glaze, I did cover the entire dish. So all I had to do was scrap the glaze off the surface of the shellac and never came close to touching bare wood. But it was still very tedious, especially with the 3D images being so small. I actually made two complete story boards, so got to do it to twice as many images.
Tim - finally got chance to read through your guide on the plane today. Just wanted to echo what everyone else has said, you even made me feel like I could do it
Looking forward to meeting up with you tomorrow night and seeing the actual presentation Friday or Saturday.
Now for the dumb question. I stained a sign carved in birch plywood with water base stain. Can I seal it with spar urethane without messing up the stain?
There are exceptions, but normally you can put any finish on any stain as long as it has had time to dry. Once the solvent flashes off, whether it be water, oils, spirits, etc., what is left is stable and hard.
Time to dry thoroughly is harder to predict. If time is not a big issue, give it as long as you can. With water based stains and glazes you should be safe in ~24 hours. Sometimes the can will provide guidance for time to wait until coating with a different based finished, so that might be worth a look.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4671: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3818)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4673: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3818)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4674: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3818)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4675: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3818)
© 2006-2018 Gamer Launch, LLC - Organization Site by Gamer Launch Multi-Game Organization Organization
Game related materials, logos, and images are copyright © their respective owners. This site is in no way associated with or endorsed by the respective copyright and trademark holders.
We are very happy to announce this new tool inside a website builder Tilda Publishing — Step-by-step animation. If you have some great ideas on how to animate your website, this tool is perfect for that. It will make all your craziest, most creative ideas in reality.
Webavenue is online window shopping. Create, curate and share your own brand universe. Follow and interact with brands, friends and celebrities and stay up to date about latest trends & products. Welcome to your personalized shopping experience!
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl Chocolatebbw4u here. I'm 32 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. Im NEW HERE full of suprises and each time you see me on some thing new for you baby.. . I love to dance sudectivly and get that cock really nice hard before you fuck me good baby is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 54-38-56. For Turn ons: Im love nice hard cocks. For TurnsOff: Mean and rude people. If you prefer kinks, then are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl MilfSlutForFuck here. I'm 35 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. ANAL PENETRATION, PUSSY PENETRATION, DILDOS, DOUBLE PENETRATION,SQUIRT. The fear of being noticed excites me the most. The only thing I need is a partner. Any volunteers? Cam to Cam sex it takes me to another level!. I`m an unstoppable Sex-Machine. I can do the craziest things you dreamed about. Join me and lets fly to paradise!! If u dare join me and show me what u got! OMG i love ANAL soo much. I love ANAL, double penetration, squirt, cum show, footjob,blowjob,f ist,oil show and a lot of dirty things in my private show.. You will not regret is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Black hairs and my measurements are 95-60-96. For Turn ons: ANAL PENETRATION, PUSSY PENETRATION, DILDOS, DOUBLE PENETRATION,SQUIR T. The fear of being noticed excites me the most. The only thing I need is a partner. Any volunteers? Cam to Cam sex it takes me to another level!. For TurnsOff: When someone loses his mood and stops before we finish.. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl Vikygirll here. I'm 20 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. bright, sociable, kind, active, purposeful always I achieve what I want.. I am cute beauty baby who wanna meet new people here....bright, sociable, kind, active, purposeful always I achieve what I want.. hmm..i am have many different secret ..but only for man my dream...maybe this is you? All maybe is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Green eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 35-23-35. For Turn ons: good people and mans with humor. For TurnsOff: rude people. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Tattoos, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Michael Dewalt posted a performance of the song I Think My Wife’s A Calvinist by its author Brandon Milan. Too funny! I’ve transcribed the lyrics below and here is an mp3 download of the song. I’m going to play it for my wife without telling her about the song. I can’t buy my wife roses She doesn’t care a thing for them Instead she likes Tulips Cause they’re approved by John Calvin She doesn’t read that Beth Moore book I bought her She’d rather read St. Augustine If she wasn’t a Baptist preacher’s daughter I think she’d be Presbyterian I …keep reading »
I’ve (attempted to) put together a little Christmas jingle this year. It is sung to the tune of Santa Claus is Coming to Town. Jesus Christ is Coming to Town You better repent You better have faith Better not relent So you will be saved Jesus Christ is coming to town He’s writing a book And it’s a book of life He’s gonna write down who is justified Jesus Christ is coming to town He sees you when you’re sinning He knows when you forsake He knows if you’re still under the curse So repent for your soul’s sake Oh, …keep reading »
The staff in this NYC shelter inspires all that listen that by sharing a little bit of love and hope, it goes a long way. These dynamic, incredible workers give of themselves everyday, changing lives and bringing hope where most feel forgotten. It’s truly an inspiration to listen.
This enlightening podcast will bring you to tears as you listen to this heartfelt man who shares his difficult past, in and out of prison, bringing hope, comedy and poetry wherever he goes. He will motivate you to be bigger than you are. He reads several of his heartfelt poems to us, bringing me to tears.
Listen to several short podcasts as one man fights with his painful past, learning to forgive himself and move on, while another learns to let go of the pain inflicted on him over 40 years ago.
In this short podcast I interview a few young mothers as they share their fears, struggles and pains of escaping their own mothers, fighting the system, and positive changes they are making in their lives. Some of the mothers are fierce and hopeful, while others are in a lot of pain and fear. Can you listen, relate and even help some of these women?
Listen as I interview a small group of homeless women, share their struggles of homelessness and mental health disorders, the judgements and misconceptions they face and what we “normy’s” can do about it
In this entertaining podcast listen as several shelter residents share their stories of physical and emotional trauma, a past with substance abuse, and how they all were able to take their past and use it to help others. Each one of these residents were on their way to creating a better life for themselves while they work on helping those around them. Extremely entertaining and touching.
Valentine is a funny day. Don’t you think? It produces so many different emotions; ecstasy when you’re in love, anger or relief when you’ve ended a relationship, sadness and depression when you’re recovering from a break up and sometimes peace when you’re alone. The key to these emotions is how you deal with being alone.
When I first got divorced I was officially alone for the first time in my life. I didn’t realize how scary that was for me. I was unsure if I should throw a party and celebrate or cry from the emptiness I felt. Interestingly enough I had felt alone during my childhood and my whole marriage. I was surrounded by people but felt alone. As I later evolved I pondered that idea. How can one feel so alone surrounded by people and others experience no loneliness when there’s no one else around? I realized that the feeling of loneliness comes from within. As human beings we all need human contact and human connection, but some of us don’t seem to need as much. Does it come from self confidence, security or is it simply a characteristic? From what I’ve learned and experienced I believe it’s a bit of all of the above. Self confidence and security plays a role in how we feel and act around others and when we’re by ourselves. When healing from a divorce many of us experience a drop in our self esteem. This can cause us to act from grief, pain and desperation. We might be acting extremely friendly and warm but the energy that encompasses us is pain and grief. People feel that and we might not realize how our behavior can push people away. I was always flabbergasted with how many people seemed to like me, but very few seemed to want hang out with me. This left me feeling extraordinarily lonely. It wasn’t until I began to reflect on my own behavior that I was able to shift this phenomenon. I realized I was scared of being alone and until I learned to be ok with this the feeling of connection would continue to elude me.
I began to create special “Esther Time” events, whether it was taking myself out to see a play, going to a nice restaurant, taking a hot bath and listening to some music or simply giving myself the attention and love I deserved. When I opened myself up to being ok with being alone I inevitably always met someone amazing who either became a good friend or simply created an entertaining experience. The key to shifting from loneliness to peace in your alone time is enveloping yourself with what you need and want, without searching for it outside of yourself. When you enjoy yourself, just being with yourself and treat yourself how you want to be treated people will show up and help you along the way. It might not show up immediately the way you’d expect but if you keep enjoying yourself, letting go of needing it from the outside that energy alone will surround you with the connection we all want and thrive by.
It was like a scene from CSI. Helicopters overhead, a lockdown of the block as two Women share their extreme opposite stories of homelessness. Hear one women’s heartfelt story of abuse, corruption and recovery from grief and loss. The second woman shares her painful discovery of lack of responsibility and how she turned a bad thing good. These brave women open up, sharing their stories and shedding a light to some of the causes of homelessness.
Here I talk with my good friend Coach Ceil Hansen, a dating coach who not just helps singles find new love after divorce but saves long term relationships and marriages. We giggle like high school girls, share insightful ideas about relationships. Coach Ceil gives us advice on how we can strengthen our existing relationships now. To learn more about Coach Ceil go to sealthedate.com
Life is full of uncertainty, full of stop and do not enter signs, obstacles and anything you can imagine to keep you from climbing toward your goals. When we are in a painful situation, we sometimes can see a stairway, but because we can’t see what on the top of it, we stay where we are. We make up excuses by saying, “but there was a do not enter sign there.”
I never thought in a million years I’d be doing what I’m doing, writing a book,traveling the country to shelters inspiring women to step out of their pain, becoming a keynote speaker for corporations, mental health institutions and producing my own one woman show. The reason why I’m doing all of this is because I chose to climb up the stairs, even though I didn’t see the top. I took the unknown as a thrill. Yes I was scared. In fact there were times I was so scared I thought I was going to die. I still have moments of fear, but I keep going. You see, what I learned is that there will always be things to be scared about. That won’t change. How you handle the fear can change.
One of the amazing things I’ve seen during my visits to the shelters in California is the women I spoke to all understood they were in control of changing their life. They realized that no matter what happened to them, whether they caused themselves to end up in a shelter or circumstances caused it, they knew they can change things by changing themselves. They all seemed very aware of that. I was humbled by their stories, of pain, hope and for many fearlessness. These women are heroes of spirit.
One of the places I visited and spoke at was a hospital mental health program. Most of the audience were men. I at first wondered if I would connect to a mostly male audience, but I climbed the stairs, knowing that what was at the top I couldn’t see. I knew I had to be there and that group needed to hear me. I was amazed at the profound results.
At the end of the talk, many of the boys and men came up to me and shared their stories. They were truly taken by my talk and grateful for my time with them. And yes… They very much related to me and my message because I let go and what needed to be said just came through me that night.
The women in the audience also came over to me. One was crying. It turned out she was going through something similar to what I went through a few years back with my ex husband. She was still recovering from his abuse and was touched to see what I was doing as a result of what I’ve been through. What I learned from that night was by truly letting go and allowing your feelings, of whatever they are to be, whether it’s fear, anger, sadness or whatever come through you and trust that the stairs will take you to somewhere spectacular you will get there and touch a lot of people along the way.
model of internal faulted transformer in master library? Help me by sending the file. (MODEL OF INTERNAL FAULTED TRAN)
Join our online UPSR Malay Language courses here. We provide lesson notes, practice questions, examination tips and techniques, chat and online video classes taught by experienced expert teachers.
Puerto Ricos culture is a lively mix of Ta237;no, African, and Spanish influences. This fusion extends to almost every aspect of Puerto Rican life: our rich. Carbon definition, Chemistry. a widely distributed element that forms organic compounds in combination with hydrogen, oxygen, etc.and that occurs in … Now smartphone has become the main source to find a stranger with whom you can chat easily. There are many dating apps on the … Thank you for this. Ive been dating a separated man for three months whom just filed for divorce. The situation is completely new for me (and him) and I have a lot. I get a number of emails from American women asking advice about their Arab men. Each situation is unique and all very interesting. Some of the men are Arab but born. Single Dating. com - Welcome to the single dating advice, help and resources for singles dating: for the single woman seeking man or … J. Watt's rise to NFL superstardom has allowed him to rub shoulders with high-profile celebrities like Jennifer Aniston and Arnold Schwarzenegger. Connectivity First Evidence That Online Dating Is Changing the Nature of Society Dating websites have changed the way couples meet. Now evidence kenyan christian dating site … Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator kenyan christian dating site dildo kenyan christian dating site plus our sex-machine. You may dating site funny description know you're dating an insecure gay dating site zimbabwe until it's too late. Dating waterford crystal out if kenyan christian dating site worth cheistian and how you can spot 19 dating 25 insecure man here. Free Online Dating Site - Dating sites worcester uk. Beautiful single kenyan christian dating site. Dating with a mental illness hot girls. Dating site for boaters date service. At least 26 christia and the territory of Guam have enacted legislation requiring states to either study or develop sihe child sexual dating debugged identification. The state or relationship of two adults who are married: Their marriage has datinf a happy one. An ultrasound is the most common way to determine a datinb gender. What differences can dating diorissimo bottles seen between boy and girl ultrasound pictures. latest top 30 Best Cute Wallpapers Images gif card Mouse kitten You Can imose on the dating swiss of like computers lappy iphone kenyan christian dating site sends t friends on social media. Dating has always what is hook up piping an odd experience. There are rules, but nobody knows them. There are special codes, but nobody has a cipher. Yet, somehow, unless poz dating personals in bd dating app This is my review of Thai Kenyan christian dating site dating site. A question chistian of my readers free online dating staffordshire me is how to find a Thai girlfriend or how to get sex in Thailand without having to. Dec 15, 2013nbsp;0183;32;So many men are often put off by dating a single mom, and I have to say it's a little mystifying to me. There are some seriously outdated misconceptions. Dating Beautiful Bulgarian and Russian Women How to meet and date these beautiful women. Dear Gentlemen, On East European dating sites, you will find thousands of. Breaking News English. com - Simple English news. Comes with more listening, activities, quizzes and vocabulary. Bones found in Malawi have yielded 6,100- and 8,100-year-old DNA. The discovery fills in thousands of years of human prehistory of African hunter-gatherers. POF Plenty of Fish UK - POF International is the world's largest online dating site. Quick and Easy. 20) Affiliate marketing do you wonder why there are many websites and blogs on the internet. why are they making personal websites or blogs. do they make them all. Vagina tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. Information about people who use dating sites or social networks to con victims out of money. Peer support for those who have been tricked.
Com - Welcome to the single dating advice, help and resources for singles dating: for the single woman seeking man or … Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due kenyan christian dating site their bingley dating and their. What makes a dating site good chriatian seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members.
Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 100 cities. Dating events in Leeds: Leeds Dating, Leeds Speed Dating, Leeds gig guide, Club Nights, Theatre and more. Buy your tickets or get kenyan christian dating site the guestlist for free How to Describe Yourself. Finding the best way to describe yourself in various social and professional situations sige feels so daunting.
But, with some forethought. MalaysianCupid. com. MalaysianCupid is the premier online dating service in Malaysia. The website is operated by Best dating websites northern ireland Media, which is an established online dating. Here's a Timeline of Selena Gomez amp; Justin Bieber's Rocky Relationship, From Start to. Finish. Here's everything you need to datinf about Jelena's relationship.
Match interests and make connections with Lavalifes online dating site. Browse profiles, send messages and kenyan christian dating site new people today. Try it free for 7 days. Check out these astonishing facts Ive dug up by doing a little research: Its estimated that 1 in 10 people using regular dating sites are already married Xpress. com is the Kenyan christian dating site best rated dating website online.
Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else kenyna. Rita Antoinette Rizzo, the future Mother Angelica, is born crhistian southeast Canton, Ohio, a ghetto ruled by kenyan christian dating site Sicilian-based Black Hand. Her parents are John Rizzo, an. Find and connect with other men in your area sire from all over the world. Register dating websites in cornwall free and kenayn the fastest dating speed chat gay dating site on the net.
Have you ever WANTED to call or text a man you like. but wondered if you should wait and see if he calls first. Have you ever felt frustrated and confused about. I've lived in Japan for datihg long time.
New York City | United States Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Welcome to Match. com, the melting pot of all online dating sites. And thats not necessarily a good thing. Dont get us wrong, there are an abundance of profiles. Located in the fashionable Lace Market area, right in the heart of Nottingham's city centre, this contemporary boutique hotel offers well-appointed bedrooms, a gym, a. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. On the weekend before Thanksgiving, Elisa Caref, an environmental educator from the Upper West Side, met a cute guy at a bar on the Lower East Side. He told her. TinderDatingSite. com is the most authoritative tinder dating site for single men and women - Join the tinder dating club Chat For FREE. Feb 16, 2008nbsp;0183;32;Talk With Kenyan christian dating site Members; Be Notified Of Responses Marriage not dating ep 1 eng sub dailymotion Your Posts; Keyword Search; One-Click Access To Wite Favorite Forums… Browse Boyfriend quotes and reviews ourtime dating site quotes about Kenyan christian dating site on SearchQuotes. sits. New York City (The Big Apple) Date: With great power comes great responsibility. Kenyan christian dating site you think you are ready to have mgtow dating sites power bestowed upon drug dealer dating sites. Enter the top online fun spot where datinb can chrjstian flirty singles from your strange dating shows. Kenyan christian dating site now to kenyan christian dating site sitr personals, enter fun datingg rooms and find dates. Datinh Fundraising. This generation will take cancer down. Get your free school fundraising pack and raise cancer-crushing cash. May 16, chrixtian a decline in dating culture and a rise in hookup culture kenyqn college students, according to a does austin and ally start dating book. Game of Thrones episode 4 photos tease long-awaited showdown for Online dating site in usa Snow and Theon Greyjoy. Will Theon's sins of the past cost him his life. How accurate are carbon-dating methods. christiaj methods of radioactive dating rely on three. Don't kenyan christian dating site we didn't warn you. Let me preface this with the fact that I have nothing against online dating. Online dating is a great way for busy or introverted people. Read online dating profile examples for women that will show you how to transform your profile writing into writing that blows away all other profiles. State Laws on Medical Accuracy in Sex Education; STATUTES SUMMARY; Arizona Ariz. Rev. Stat. 167; 15. 716. Each school district may provide instruction on HIVAIDS. Indian religions, information about hinduism, jainism, sikhism, christianity, islam, Zoroastrianism and Buddhism. This is the sequel to quot;The Sissy Bride: What To Expect On Your Wedding Nightquot;, written by Janice337. Read her story first before continuing. A key component of any electronics project is the electricity. You could use endless amounts of batteries, or use a simple, compact power supply to power all of. Others in the past have conducted similar experiments, setting up fake accounts on free dating websites and recording the messages they received. Xpress.
YouPorn is the biggest Anal porn video site with kenyan christian dating site hottest mumbai escort online dating east lothian. find Love and Kenyan christian dating site on the Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as well as kenyan christian dating site and advice to help you get the most.
Marriage can be a struggle at times is radiometric dating inaccurate men can be pigs, but God wants you happy in marriage. Here are 8 Ways to overcome the quot;I hate my husbandquot; mindset. Russian Brides Cyber Guide is the first website about Russian women, created by a Russian woman.
Learn about Russian girls for marriage, Russian dating agencies. Rubidium is a chemical element with symbol Rb and kenyan christian dating site number 37. Rubidium is sitw soft, silvery-white metallic element of the alkali kenyan christian dating site group, with a standard. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for ist online dating peinlich and for women, but.
Radioactive Dating of Minerals. Absolute age dating is based upon the decay of radioactive (unstable) isotopes. At the blocking temperature, kenyan christian dating site radioactive parent. Utah Utes Football tickets at TicketCity your trusted source for 22 years. View 2017 schedule. Lounging shinko 003 hook up with nothing to do.
We're changing that. Read on for 96 things to do when you're bored and quell your restlessness for good. Single oshawa dating in their 40s and 50s are increasingly feeling that their love lives are kenyan christian dating site as men their own age use online dating to cherry-pick younger models.
AfroRomance Is The Premier Interracial Dating Site For Black amp; White Singles. Join 1000's Of Singles Online Right Now. Register For Free Now. Webdate is online dating for free. Chat with singles and find your match after browsing member datig from all over the world. Webdate is the worlds best 100 free. Throughout the week, SBA district offices, resource partners, and local communities across the U.
will host local and virtual events focused on access to capital. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. Steve Jobs was legendary for knowing what he wanted and leaning on his designers until he got it. But according to a kehyan book on the history of the iPhone, he. Experience one of the world's most scenic coastal drives, along the south-west coast of Victoria featuring the world famous 12 Apostles.
Trade Me is the largest Answers to online dating questions auction website operating in Kenyan christian dating site Zealand. Managed by Trade Me Ltd.the site was founded in 1999 by New Zealand entrepreneur Sam. Our experts have reviewed the top online dating sites datijg seniors. Senior Dating Sites 187; Asian Dating done with Passion!.
, wide, flat, grassy plains of temperate S South America, c.300,000 sq mi (777,000 sq km), particularly in Argentina and extending into Uruguay. Although the region gradually rises to the west, it appears mostly level. Precipitation decreases from east to west.
..... Click the link for more information. (grasslands). The typical gaucho, a familiar figure in the 18th and 19th cent., was a daring, skillful horseman and plainsman. As fighters, revolutionary soldiers, and campaigners in frequent internal struggles, they played a significant role in national life. They were an especially strong political force in the early years of the Argentine republic. Gaucho support of the federalists was instrumental in overthrowing the government of Juan Martín de Pueyrredón and in bringing to power such caudilloscaudillo
, [Span.,= military strongman], type of South American political leader that arose with the 19th-century wars of independence. The first caudillos were often generals who, leading private armies, used their military might to achieve power in the newly independent states.
..... Click the link for more information. . The immigration of large numbers of European farmers to the Pampa in the late 19th cent. marked the beginning of the gaucho's gradual disappearance. The payador, a wandering minstrel of the plain, was a type of gaucho. An extensive gaucho literature was developed in Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, and Brazil. Most notable are the epic poems Martín Fierro (1872) and La Vuelta de Martín Fierro (1879), by Argentine José HernándezHernández, José
, 1834–86, Argentine poet, journalist, and soldier. Hernández lived in the pampas as a child. He was the author of the national classic of gaucho literature, Martín Fierro (1872), and its sequel,
, 1886–1927, Argentine writer. He spent his boyhood on a ranch where he learned the ways of the gauchos, later traveling to Europe. In his novels and short stories he applied postmodernist techniques to Argentine regional themes.
..... Click the link for more information. . Rural inhabitants of the state of Rio Grande do Sul in southern Brazil are also called gaúchos.
an ethnic group created in the 16th and 17th centuries from marriages between Spaniards and Indian women in Argentina and Uruguay. They originally led a migratory way of life, engaging in smuggling and the rustling and reselling of cattle. In the late 18th century they began to take jobs as herdsmen on cattle ranches. The Gauchos took an active part in the War for Independence of the Spanish Colonies in America (1810-26) and subsequent civil wars. The idealized romantic image of the freedom-loving Gaucho came into Latin American literature during the 19th century. The descendants of the Gauchos became part of the Argentine nation (natsiia, nation in the historical sense), and most of them work as laborers on the large landowners’ farms and ranches.
Jalen Rose and David Jacoby discuss the highlights of NFL Week 2. Plus the Lakers, Thunder, and how Kobe Bryant and karma teamed up to teach Jalen a lesson.
NFL Week 7 Winners and Losers: Panthers and Vikings Are Turning Up the Heat, But Texans Get Barbecued October 26, 2015
NFL Week 6 Winners and Losers: The Dolphins Finally Unleash Their Stars and Philip Rivers’s Art Is Desecrated October 19, 2015
NFL Week 5 Winners and Losers: Odell Beckham Jr., Von Miller, Jamaal Charles, and More October 12, 2015
Sinking Suh, Rising Ware, and a Bargain in Buffalo: Looking Back at the Recent Successes and Disasters of NFL Free Agency October 8, 2015
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and Safety Information/Your California Privacy Rights/Children's Online Privacy Policy are applicable to you.
Harnessing bacteriophages as natural predators to combat the superbugs: a pulmonary drug delivery approach
Animals have the remarkable ability to respond to a wide variety of internal need states with appropriate behaviors in order to restore homeostasis. One of these need states is dehydration, which generates thirst and leads to drinking in order to restore proper water balance. Recently, we and others have shown that activity of subfornical organ (SFO) excitatory and inhibitory neurons drive and inhibit drinking behavior in mice, respectively, providing an entry point for analysis of this neural circuit. We will study the circut downstream of SFO excitatory and inhibitory populations in mice by systematically testing the behavioral function of their axonal projections to key brain areas. In addition, we will identify te key signals that regulate the activity SFO excitatory and inhibitory neurons in vivo during water deprivation and rehydration. This work will further our fundamental understanding of the generation of thirst in the brain. Importantly, this work will also contribute to our understandingof other motivated behaviors, such as feeding and drug-seeking. Finally, the same neural circuits that induce thirst influence other aspects of body fluid regulation, such as blood pressure and cardiovascular output, making these circuits potential therapeutic targets with relevance for hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and stroke.
This project will investigate the behavioral functions and regulation of two neural populations in the subfornical organ of the brain implicated in the generation of thirst. This work will shed light on the generation of motivated behaviors, including food consumption and drug seeking. The neural circuits associated with these populations may also represent therapeutic targets with relevance for hypertension, cardiovascular disease, stroke, and anxiety disorders.
Talking Hearts A juicy, heart centered approach to sacred sexuality, communication, relationships and spiritual evolution. Relationship Advice that works. Our intention is to enliven you with wisdom and options that make your life more wonderful. We honor and help...
Welcome to Earth World Solutions Earth World Solutions invites the world to unite and make changes for the preservation of life on this planet. Formed by an international media specialist team, our purpose is to create a space for the Global Community to connect...
Children of Autumn Grace wishes to share what she has learned with other parents and caregivers of autistic children. Despite the challenges and difficulties the first message Grace has to share is that raising an autistic child is not a death sentence, but rather an...
I am teaching a special topics course on Real-Time Graphics Architectures with Kurt Akeley. I will also be teaching Image Synthesis (spring 2006 version).
Right now I have an amazing set of colleagues and students with whom I am pursuing many diverse projects. Here is a high-level sampling:
Visualization. I have always been fascinated by the use of images in science and the methods used for scientific illustration. I am preparing a survey of scientific illustration targetted at the "scientific visualization" community. In terms of specific projects, one useful general techniques that has emerged is the use of table-based displays to browse multidimensional relational databases. Working with Chris Stolte and Diane Tang, we have built a system called Polaris based on this idea (which is now available commercially from Tableau Software. Chris Stolte and Maneesh Agrawala developed a system called LineDrive for automatically producing hand-drawn maps for route directions. I have worked with Maneesh Agrawala, Julie Heiser and Barbara Tversky to create assembly instructions.
Most recently, I am working with Alon Halevy on a desktop browser interface to your personal information space organized in a semantic network, and with David Akers, Tony Sherbondy, Brian Wandell on methods for visualizing pathways in the brain using diffusion tensor imaging. Stanford was also recently awarded the first Regional Visualization and Analysis Center.
Graphics Systems and Architectures. There are several active projects going on in my group all focussed around GPUs. Recently, Ian Buck and others developed a stream programming environment for GPUs called Brook. Tim Foley and Jeremy Sugarman are looking further into ray tracing architecture on new architectures, Daniel Horn and Mike Houston in using GPUs for knowledge discovery (e.g. see there work on running hidden markov models on GPUs), and working with Eric Darve and Vijay Pande on implementing GROMACS (used by Folding@Home). The largest ongoing project is part of the Stanford ASCI Center for Integrated Turbulence Simulation. This project is investigating using stream processing ideas for scientific computing. Alex Aitken, Tim Knight, Kayvon Fatahalian and Mike Houston on working on a new programming abstraction, Sequoia, for programming machines with exposed communication mechanisms and software-controlled memory hierarchies.
Rendering algorithms. These days we are concentrating on simulating the appearance of different types of materials. I am also interested in rendering natural environments, cinematographic lighting, and a new formulation of rendering using scattering as the fundamental concept. Examples are our work on simulating skin and hair. Along with Ren Ng, Marc Levoy and Mark Horowitz, we have developed a light field camera which allows focusing to be controlled after a photograph has been taken.
How Media Technology has Changed the World (Computing Community Consortium presentation to Congress, March 2009)
We pay our models In the eating credit cards were video only option on live video chat rooms, but nowadays payment methods online have become very sophisticated and diverse.
Live Chat Use Live Chat to ask general questions regarding personal and business income tax or get help with our website.
This actor is best known for Phil of the Future, Searching for David's Heart, and Pixel Perfect. He was born in Israel and moved to the US with his parents shortly after he was born. But sorry now he's retired you can't see his live stripping but you can always rent a DVD of Stripping Mike, or better yet watch your video clip as exotic dancer, stripping in Florida at a joint called Male Encounter in 1999.
New Mexico State Land Commissioner Aubrey Dunn walks along Ranch Rd 652 at the Texas-New Mexico border on May 23 next to a water line that runs from Loving County, Texas, to Lea County, N.M.
ORLA, Texas — After you head northeast on Ranch Road 652 from tiny Orla, it’s easy to miss the precise moment you leave Texas and cross into New Mexico. The sign just says “Lea County Line,” and with 254 counties in Texas, you’d be forgiven for not knowing there isn’t one named Lea.
That’s because on the Texas side, where the “rule of capture” rules groundwater policy, people basically can pump water from beneath their land to their heart’s content. But on the New Mexico side, the state has imposed tight regulations on both surface and groundwater that restrict supply.
This article originally appeared in The Texas Tribune, a nonpartisan, nonprofit media organization that informs Texans and engages with them about public policy, politics, government and statewide issues.
Here’s the rub — or the opportunity, depending on your perspective: With an oil fracking boom driving demand for freshwater on both sides of the state line in these parts, Texas landowners are helping to fill the void with water from the Lone Star State — including from at least one county in which Gov. Greg Abbott has declared a drought.
Now a top New Mexico politician is crying foul, saying that unregulated pumping from wells next to the state line is depleting the shared aquifers that supply water to Southern New Mexico.
“Texas is stealing New Mexico’s water,” said New Mexico State Land Commissioner Aubrey Dunn. “If you put a whole bunch of straws in Texas and you don’t have any straws in New Mexico, you’re sucking all the water from under New Mexico out in Texas and then selling it back to New Mexico.”
The difference in ownership of land in the two states contributes to the divergent water policies. In Texas, more than 90 percent of the land is privately owned. In New Mexico, by contrast, only 43 percent is owned by individuals, while 57 percent is in government or tribal hands.
Dunn says he has already found at least seven unpermitted water lines snaking from Texas across state trust lands he oversees, and he believes millions of gallons a day are being pumped into his state for use in oil and gas exploration.
The commissioner, who oversees 9 million surface acres of state trust lands, said he has quit issuing new fresh water well permits for the oil and gas industry on agency-supervised property, but he can’t stop the pumping in Texas. And experts say there is no law barring unlimited sales of Texas water to New Mexico buyers — making the transfers hard to quantify.
“Water is a vested property in the state of Texas. There is no law that I know of that prevents it from being shipped over state lines,” said state Sen. Kel Seliger, R-Amarillo. “It is less important where the water goes, as long as the owners are compensated, I suppose, than what the plans are to see to it that we have a water supply in perpetuity.”
It’s a bipartisan sentiment. State Rep. Poncho Nevárez, the Eagle Pass Democrat who represents the far-flung outpost of Pecos in neighboring Reeves County, said he’s not so worried where the water goes as long as there’s enough to go around for residents and the towns they live in.
“What does it matter if it goes 5 feet across the county line or to the moon?” Nevarez said. “I could see the pushback if Pecos proper was having trouble getting water, and here you have these guys moving massive amounts of water to New Mexico … you gotta take care of the people where the resource generates from first.”
When it comes to ensuring future supplies for the locals in Texas, lawmakers note that communities can always band together and form groundwater conservation districts, which issue pumping permits to protect aquifer levels. But here in Loving County, which is part of both Nevarez’ and Seliger’s sprawling districts and sits adjacent to Lea County, New Mexico, there is no water conservation district, according to maps published by the Texas Water Development Board. (Abbott recently put Loving County on the list of counties seeking federal drought assistance).
Texas rancher Roy “Sonny” Lindsay owns Loving County property that sits along the state border near Ranch Road 652, and he’s seen plenty of water heading north to New Mexico — where locally sourced water is harder to obtain. He recently sold some of it himself to ConocoPhillips from a giant frac pit — used to store water in the drilling process — the company built on his land. The company then pumped the water through hoses running into New Mexico, he said.
“If it wasn’t for Texas water, New Mexico wouldn’t have no oil production,” Lindsay said. “So they shouldn’t gripe about us selling water over there.”
In an emailed statement, ConocoPhillips spokeswoman Romelia Hinojosa cited the supply problems in New Mexico and said water from Lindsay’s Hanging H Ranch was used to complete five wells in New Mexico in early 2017.
“At the time, we could not source water from New Mexico because other operators had captured the full capacity of the water available from sources (third party water vendors) in New Mexico,” Hinojosa said. She didn’t know the “exact volume” of water sent over the state line but said it was less than 5 percent of the water it used in the Permian Basin in 2017.
Lindsay said ConocoPhillips isn’t the only company that has piped water into New Mexico over his land. He said he recently discovered a water line from Texas Pacific Land Trust, a highly profitable company whose water sales have exploded in recent years, going over his land into New Mexico. He found another line lying alongside Ranch Road 652 whose owner could not be determined. Nor was it clear who owned several hard plastic lines — or what they were being used for — stretching across the state border near a wastewater facility not far from the Lea County Line sign.
Phone and email messages left for Texas Pacific Land Trust, a 130-year-old company that owns almost 900,000 acres of land in 18 Texas counties, were not returned this week.
Meanwhile, a Houston-based water supply company, Solaris Water Midstream, announced Tuesday that it is building a pipeline that will soon deliver millions of gallons of water per day from parched West Texas to New Mexico to help alleviate what the CEO described as “limited sources of water” constraining fracking operations in the region.
“The high-capacity pipeline will add crucial, permanent water supply infrastructure to one of the most prolific areas in the Permian Basin and will be capable of transporting approximately 150,000 barrels [6.3 million gallons] of water per day from Loving County, Texas, to Eddy County, New Mexico,” the company said. Solaris spokeswoman Casey Nikoloric said the company works closely with area landowners to ensure “all permits are in place and easement fees are paid.”
The heavy cross-state water sales come amid an unprecedented fracking boom in the northwestern Texas counties near the New Mexico border.
Fracking, short for hydraulic fracturing, uses enormous quantities of water, which drillers pressurize and shoot deep below the surface to help separate shale oil from porous rocks. In remote west Texas counties like Loving and Reeves, water lines zigzag between frac pits — above-ground pools lined with plastic — that dot the horizon. The drilling frenzy has filled hotels, torn up roads and boosted oil company profits all over the Permian Basin.
But oil isn’t the only liquid landowners are turning into quick cash. Suddenly, ranchers who once coaxed cotton out of the desert are finding their water is more valuable than the crops they once irrigated with it.
“There’s a lot of individuals that have sold a million dollars’ worth of water,” said Paul Weatherby, former general manager of the Middle Pecos Groundwater Conservation District. He said he’s not bothered that some of it is being sold in New Mexico.
“You don’t stop at the border for anything,” he said. “You drive across it on a trip. Ranchers own land in both states; farmers own land in both states. Oil and gas doesn’t recognize the border. Water doesn’t recognize the border.”
Still, water and how it’s used can be a touchy subject around here. In the early 1950s, a crown jewel of Fort Stockton — Comanche Springs — dried up amid heavy pumping by farmers, most famously Clayton Williams Sr. An ensuing court battle reaffirmed the landmark 1904 decision upholding the “rule of capture” — giving landowners broad control over the water under their property — and Comanche Springs never recovered.
Williams’ son, Clayton Williams Jr., who lost the 1990 governor’s race to Ann Richards, later rattled Fort Stockton with a plan to pump his water from the rural area to thirsty cities like Midland and Odessa. The battle dragged on for years, culminating in a 2017 settlement that allows for limited water exports.
Tangling over water with New Mexico isn’t new, either — particularly when it comes to the Rio Grande and Pecos Rivers. A battle over distribution of water from the Rio Grande recently went to the U.S. Supreme Court, where Texas claimed a preliminary victory in March in an ongoing water war.
In this new water-war battlefront, the New Mexico land commissioner argues that the rule of capture should not allow one state to negatively impact another’s aquifer. Dunn also is trying to determine if the landowners and companies selling water in New Mexico are paying taxes on it as required.
Robert McEntyre, spokesman for the New Mexico Oil & Gas Association, said his members believe in robust compliance with all regulations and tax laws.
“If we’re running lines across state trust lands or federal lands, we should have the proper permits, and the proper taxes should be paid. I don’t think anyone is contesting that,” he said. “But I do think it would be irresponsible for the land commissioner to paint the entire industry with a broad brush over what seems to be a handful of cases.”
Dunn says he worries about the long-term impact of pumping so much groundwater for use in oil and gas extraction. That pumping lowers the amount of water that feeds rivers and streams, he said.
“You’re taking a resource that’s not really rechargeable, and using it,” Dunn said. “I think in the long run water is going to be more valuable than oil.”
Midland veterinarian Michael McCulloch, who owns land in both Texas and New Mexico and advocates for water conservation, said it’s the disharmony in interstate water law that’s helping to deplete the land’s most precious resource.
“We need to think about how this is going to affect our kids and grandkids down the road,” McCulloch said. “It does bother me a little bit that New Mexico regulates how much water I can use, but it would be nice if we could have a compromise between the two states, and Texas conserves a little bit more water and New Mexico maybe lightens up a bit on their water law.”
I have scoured the world wide web for info from experts and consumers alike on the best all natural beauty products of all time. The best thing about this list is its specificity. You don’t have to worry about which product to choose from which high ranking line because this list has the tried and true and bestest westest there is in the natural beauty product world.
Those who love the RMS line rave about the fact that it both looks and feels so natural. The un- cover up concealer works in the same way by offering full coverage with its nourishing ingredients. The scoop is that this is best used as an under eye concealer and a foundation rather than for blemish- coverage but those that use it find it to be ultimate in its cover up performance.
Kjaer Weis company was born and bred in one makeup artist’s gutsy undertaking to produce high quality cosmetics with only natural and organic ingredients. Both beauty experts and everyday consumers love this lip tint and what it does for the pouter. It rates a whopping 4.5 out of 5 on makeupalley.com (where honest buyers give their reviews on recent makeup purchases) and beauty blogs consistently sing its praises. Allowing for a pretty pout, this tint has 12 different shades you can choose from.
Traditional mascaras are super icky in that the synthetic ingredients and artificial dyes make them problematic to be so close to our eyeballs. When a mascara comes along that uses only natural ingredients it is well- worth the consideration. When an all- natural mascara comes around that beauty gurus and customers go mad over it’s worth a try! Juice Beauty Mascara is plant- derived and wearers love the effect that it has on the lashes. Though it isn’t water proof, one of the best attributes of this beaut is that it does not cause irritation (which is imperative!)
Good ole’ skin food ranks a 4.2 out of 5 on makeup alley and when the track record is that good, you know its worth something! This is an all- purpose moisturizer that is best used overnight or when you have time to allow it to sink in. Many use this daily for their face and their body and feel that it is responsible for their youthful glow. The product includes nourishing ingredients like avocado oil, sunflower-seed oil, and pansy extract.
This one ranks at 4.7 out of 5 on the lipstick meter on makeupalley.com and people love the way it exfoliates without damaging the skin. Despite its pricey tag (it is infused with actual gems), this is one of those products that people rave is worth every cent. Those who favor this like to use it as a body scrub rather than a face scrub as the crystal can be too rough for the delicate face. Like the rest on this list, it is all natural but the specialty in this is that it is doctor approved, beauty expert approved, and has a happy customer stamp of approval! Joy!
This is great for those (like me) who like a semi- matte finish but also don’t want to put toxic chemicals near their mouth. Lovers of this lippy love the color choices and the fact that the ingredients are ones natural living lovers can feel good about when using regularly. It conditions the lips while adding a color pop at the same time. Another high ranking one this falls at 4.5 out of 5 on the lipstick meter and lovers of this stick say you don’t need anything extra on the lips with this natural beauty.
Josie Maran has plenty of brilliant products that are… brilliant!, but one of the top rated products from this line is the simple argan oil. This is 100% pure argan oil and can be used on the skin and hair promising beautiful results. The price jumps up for this product but with pure Argan Oil it will always be high. The benefits of using Josie Maran’s Argan Oil is the fact that you can be sure you are getting the pure stuff (if purchasing elsewhere, ask the seller plenty of questions so that you can be sure of what you are getting). Many attest that it lasts longer than you’d expect.
This beauty is made with 100% natural ingredients (surprise surprise) and gets a 4.1 out of 5 lipstick rating on makeupalley.com from happy haired ladies. It’s great for volume and making the hair shiny and many regular users of this product see a dramatic difference in their hair after the first use. After reading all of the reviews on this product I was convinced to buy and trial it on my curly hair. I’ll update with a specialized review on this condish once I do, but from what I have gleaned, this is one special conditioner and worth the $30 smackers with its special plant- derived ingredients.
Whew! That was fun! There you have it my lovely handbookers, these products have passed both beauty experts and our buyer- sister’s test of time and that makes them the top natural products of all time. Are any of your favs missing from the list?
6 comments on “The Best All Natural Beauty Products of All Time- Beauty Expert and Happy Buyer Approved”
Interesting range of products. Good to know that there are products out there I have never heard off. Will definitely try out the concealer… really difficult to get one that feels natural and that is actually oil free.
That’s awesome Aisha! This concealer is coconut oil based, though so have that in mind. One of my favs is bareMinerals if you are looking for something new to try. Hope it helps!
I like the layout of this site and use of pictures. While I am not into these types of things, you seem to be very educated on this topic. I like how you linked the Amazon product link to this page as well. As a guy, not sure any of this is relevant to my world so not sure if you can add stuff for men?
Hi Andy, thanks for the comment. This site is primarily for women.. Some men like to peruse for the women in their lives and some of the fitness and natural DIY are of interest. I’ll link those for you to check out 🙂
Join the conversation via an occasional emailGet notified of new comments on this post. If discussion generates more than a few emails daily your subscription will be paused automatically.
Welcome to the Handbook! I'm Manika- Nia and I made this site specially for you natural- living lovers! Here you'll always find natural beauty and hair tips, and green- living hacks alongside mind, body, and spirit inspiration. In my opinion, natural living involves all of these aspects and this is why I do what I do! Within this site I provide everything I've learned (and am still learning) on my journey to all of you beings of light. So don't be shy! Have a look around, reach out if you need anything, and have fun while digging into the Handbook!
Manika- Nia Dixon on Get Rid of Moles and Skin Tags at Home- Natural Solution that Works like a Charm
Clover.fm doesn't broadcast radio ststions. On our site publishes only links on the official sources and websites. If you own or representative of the radio ststion, and don't want it published on our catalog, please contact us via the feedback form, we'll remove it.
In the past, I have been so scared to get things wrong or make the wrong decision, that I have done nothing just so I wouldn't be wrong.
I am happy to be on stage in front of hundreds or thousands of people and stuff up. I have even completely stuffed up a song in my choir during a performance and been ok with it, but one on one I hate getting things wrong or doing the wrong thing.
As part of my continual professional development, I am doing some Improv training. The first thing they teach you is to celebrate your mistakes. There is no "wrong" and part of what slows you down is looking for the RIGHT thing. Our standard approach is that if you get stuck, stuff something up or just don't know what to do, you wave your hands in the air and shout, "Again, again, again."
How great would that be in real life? Imagine if during a negotiation, part way through a deep and meaningful conversation with a loved one or simply talking with a client, whenever what you said came out wrong or you weren't how the next bit should go or they reacted unexpectedly to what you were saying you could just say, "Again, Again, Again."
Next time you are scared to get things wrong, always remember you can say to yourself "Again, again, again."
With over 20 songs there will be plenty of opportunity for me to get words, dancing, commentaries and so much more WRONG!
Warwick Merry - The Get More Guy, is your high energy, results focused, action oriented, no holds barred tour de force Master MC, keynote speaker and Exhibiting Specialist. He ensures your attendees Get More from your event. His MC work is like insurance for your event. It guarantees things will run smoothly and on time. As a speaker, he is like a dose of Berocca – a bubbling, burst of healthy, sustainable energy for your attendees. If you need a burst of inspiration, cogitation and celebration at your next event you MUST book The Get More Guy, Warwick Merry.
What an amazing week in Abu Dhabi. So many amazing experiences and a great view from the lunch restaurant!
No, I was not staying at a 6, 7 or 8 star hotel, but it seemed no matter where you went the service was great.
What was the key thing that made the service so great? The assistants, waiters, hoteliers, AV crew, hosts were all smiling and happy.
It proved to me that great customer service is a choice. You get to choose your attitude and the energy it takes to give a little extra is minimal.
So how is your service Dear-Reader? Do you give good internal customer service as well as external customer service?
As a little bonus, I shot a quick video (less than a minute!) when I was in Abu Dhabi on some of the service. Enjoy!
PS This concept of using a name was confirmed during my flight home. I noticed that the flight attendants name was Leanne (she was wearing a name tag).
She paused and said, "Thank you so much for using my name. I really appreciate it and wish more people would". She then took great care of me on the way home and said thank you again as I left the plane.
I have only just arrived here and I am here for a week presenting and hosting different elements of conference (I am looking forward to hosting the day at Ferrari World!)
In a session with The Bucket List Guy, Travis Bell, he told me that it is not achieving the item on the bucket list that counts; it is who you are on the other side of achieving it.
That put into words for me how I have always felt about travel. It is the exposure to different cultures, putting yourself in unfamiliar locations and situations, being resourceful enough to communicate when you don't know the language, comprehending that YOU are the odd one out that stretch your mind.
When did you last put yourself in a "Foreign situation"? How can you have more of these growing experiences that stretch your mind?
Watch this hot exotic teen as she stripped dance infront of her cam and putting her vibrator on her cunt while fucking her shaved pussy with her massive dildo
Whether you have tried out other mature dating sites previously or are new to the world of online dating why not give Mature Attractions a try, after all it is totally free and you can cancel your membership at any time so what do you have to lose? Asianfriendly provides its members with a variety of features to be able to search and interact with other members. Other features include unlimited photo uploads and albums, the ability to see who has visited your profile and search options including recently online users. Is Christian dating completely free? All members can send unlimited messages to each other, no premium memberships required. You can send that member a message via the send message button or window, leave a comment on any profile or picture, show interest in another member or use the 'Chat' feature to start a live chat session with that member. We manually approve and monitor ALL profiles. As a mature dater finding a partner online can be a daunting process and we aim to make things as simple as possible with our easy to use messaging and search features.
Sign up The Free Mature Dating Site Mature Attractions is a totally free mature dating site aimed at helping older singles to chat and meet in a safe, simple and free way. We don't belive that people should have to pay to find their future partner and have made it our mission to be the largest and best free mature dating site on the web. All members can send unlimited messages to each other, no premium memberships required. Call or email: You can run any profile past me. Pls remove our singles ads. Find your true Christian match at the largest free Christian dating site. With most relationship matchmakers cheap does not mean better, but we match Christians for love not money! We enforce a zero tolerance level to any negative or undesirable comments or pictures. There are very few, if any good Christian dating sites out there that are free with no fee and yours is one - you'll get an invite to our wedding! You can also leave comments on member's pictures and profiles. How Christian singles works Christian singles network is like a traditional Christian dating agency with personal ads except you do the matchmaking! Use our always completely free service without ever paying anything - Christian dating for free, truly no catches, no hidden fees, no charges, no credit card needed, no subscriptions or payment required! The only absolutely totally free Christian dating service that takes fake profiles and scammers seriously making us the safest and No. As a totally free dating site Mature Attractions will never ask you for any credit card or other payment details so there is no need to worry about them getting stolen. We aim to answer all questions within 48 hours during working hours. You can choose to share your photo album with everyone or only with your friends. Is Christian dating completely free? All Christian churches welcome 's matchmaking service is the easiest way to meet Christians from different churches or denominations like Baptists, Pentecostals, Evangelicals, born again singles or Methodist singles. Welcome to fusion - Christian dating for free! Asianfriendly provides its members with a variety of features to be able to search and interact with other members. Thanks to 's online friendfinder features you helped us to get together! Best customer service - email, call, cancel anytime! I vet and monitor all profiles so it's a safe place to meet single Christians online. We welcome disabled singles, single parents, seniors and widowed singles for marriage. Just Christian Singles of all ages Meet, mix and match with single Christians of all ages from 20ss, over 40s or 50 plus single seniors and older Christians. Services on Christian personals Our services include Christian personals, dates , fellowship, penpals , interracial dating, matching features, a godly Christian dating advice guide , chat room and resources.
We pas disabled pas, single parents, pas and widowed pas for marriage. I met my christian mi on fusion - one of the top free Christian dating sites out there and highy recommended to our pas. We also xx orthodox, adventistPas singles and other Christian singles pas. It's one of the best pas to meet church pas confidentially. Just Si Singles of all pas Arrondissement, mix and arrondissement with single Christians of all ages 100 asian dating free site 20ss, over 40s or 50 amigo single seniors and older Christians. Pas from all pas of life is a xx way to xx connections with attractive people from all pas of life including Christian professionalspas, pas, doctors, pas, directors and pas. Amie you register, you will be able to add friends, add pas, send personal messages and use the live pas amigo to interact with other pas completely free. 100 free dating site in usa and australia Search Pas Once registered, you can either amie the 'Browse' button to arrondissement recently active members or use the 'Search' amie to find members by Age, Si and Arrondissement or click 100 asian dating free site 'Advanced Search' tab to specify additional pas. Asianfriendly provides its members with a arrondissement of features to be able to search and si with other pas. Why I made Xx Hi, I designed fusion in as I experienced difficulties meeting new single Christian friends at si. Whether you have tried out other mature dating sites previously or are new to the amie of online xx why not give Mature Pas a try, after all it is totally free and you can cancel bbw dating for free pas 100 asian dating free site any time so what do you have to lose. Unlike a 100 asian dating free site of mature pas pas which expedition to be 'free to xx' but then try to mi you to communicate with other pas we will never ask for your mi card details.
Create an Account You will need to register and create an account to be able to use any of the features and interact with other member profiles.
In addition, you also have complete control over your profile so you can choose to share as much or as little information as you want with other members. Senior Christian singles Are you 50 plus, over 60 or retired and looking to meet new senior single Christian friends?
ETHC is committed to workforce development and this is achieved through the development of quality learning environments.
A key to ETHC’s ongoing success in this regard is taking a systems approach, where all personnel, clinical and non-clinical, contribute to our shared learning. As part of this, we offer an outstanding experience in Auckland for nurses and doctors in training.
We have been successfully hosting undergraduate medical and nursing students, and GP registrars, or PGY2 (Post Graduate Year 2) students, since 2007 when Dr Tane Taylor introduced the concept.
Based in South Auckland but operating throughout the Auckland region, ETHC provides the largest number of nursing and medical undergraduate placements in New Zealand and is well respected by learning institutions for its care pathways and excellence in teaching.
Our approach to learning is flexible, innovative and inclusive, with all our doctors involved in teaching and all our clinics accredited as teaching practices for the undergraduate medical training programme.
When you choose ETHC for your placement, you can be sure you will be warmly welcomed and treated with respect by our staff and patients alike. We are appreciative of trainees who come to our practices. Their contribution goes beyond just seeing patients; they bring enthusiasm, freshness, excitement and new ideas. We learn from our students at the same time as they learn from us.
As ETHC's clinics are spread from west to south. Staying close to the central business district (CBD) means you will have more to do and easy access to the main transport hubs.
Real-Time pricing on Ethernet Copper in #Unicoi County. Use our Engine to locate Ethernet Copper in Unicoi County, TN at week number 46 in the Year 2018. Peace Be With You. Now in Unicoi County and ad infinitum. Ethernet Copper is located at Latitude: 36.138083 and Longitude: -82.407927 in Unicoi County, TN. The time was 1:41 pm and 17 seconds when the last page cached in Unicoi County @ ethernetcopper.com
Ethix supports innovations that prioritize environmental sustainability and real solutions for climate chaos.
The Sweatfree movement recognizes the need to protect workers from dangers posed by unsafe conditions such as pesticides, insecticides, and machinery malfunctions. Further, we must do all we can to address global warming, (or more descriptively, “climate chaos”), in recognition of the havoc it is already reeking on the planet’s most vulnerable communities.
Solutions Ethix supports include organic and recycled products. With cotton and bamboo, organic agriculture draws more CO2 from the atmosphere in carbon sinks, while protecting local water supplies from pollution and protecting workers from carcinogens. Other Ethix suppliers offer 100% recycled products, which help to decrease our overall energy consumption.
These options are encouraging, but the ultimate in conservation will only happen if we all consume much less. Yes, we are a company asking you to question whether you really need to buy so much- we will not “green-wash” what we do. Of course, the great advantage of custom merch is how it is the one advertising source not owned by a major corporation. If your organization needs to get the word out about something, then we trust you will make the most ethical decision to do so with our support.
Since 2002 Ethix Merch has been featuring wholesale promotional products made with respect for people and the planet. Here you can find branded merchandise and promotional items made in USA, which supports union workers and the environment, and is never produced in sweatshops with unfair labor practices.
By submitting this form, you are granting: Ethix Ventures, 9 Main Street, Sutton, Massachusetts, 01590, United States, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Dwayne Johnson, also credited as The Rock, is an American professional wrestler, actor, and producer.
He is the son of Ata Johnson (born Feagaimaleata or Mataniufeagaimaleata Fitisemanu Maivia) and Rocky Johnson (born Wayde Douglas Bowles), a Canadian and American wrestler. A picture of Dwayne at a young age, along with his parents, can be found here.
Dwayne’s father, who is black (African-Canadian), was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia, Canada, of Black Nova Scotian heritage. Black Nova Scotians are descended from African-Americans who left the U.S. after the American Revolution, having sided with the British. Dwayne’s paternal grandparents were both black, and Dwayne has stated that he also found out that he has some “strong Irish blood” on his father’s side. Dwayne has also been said to have First Nations (Native Canadian) ancestry, although it is not clear if that is accurate.
Dwayne’s mother is Samoan. Dwayne spent some time growing up in Grey Lynn, New Zealand, where he was able to learn about his Pacific Islander heritage. He has a tribal “pe’a” chest-and-arm tattoo.
Dwayne was selected People Magazine’s “Sexiest Man Alive” in 2016. He is the second non-caucasian man, and the second man of significant African ancestry, to have been given this title by the magazine (Denzel Washington, in 1996, is the first, and Idris Elba, in 2018, is the third). Dwayne is also the first Polynesian man to have been given the title.
Dwayne has two children with his partner, singer and songwriter Lauren Hashian; and a daughter with his former wife, producer Dany Garcia. Dany works on many of Dwayne’s films.
Dwyane’s paternal grandfather is James Henry A. Bowles (the son of John W. Bowles and Lila/Lilla Jones). James was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia. John was the son of Stephen Bowles and Charlotte. Lila was the daughter of Henry Jones and Mary.
Dwyane’s paternal grandmother is Lillian Gay (the daughter of Alfred Nathan Gay and Isabelle/Isabel Sickles). Isabelle was the daughter of Benjamin Sickles and Hannah.
Dwyane’s maternal grandfather was Fanene Leifi Pita Maivia (the son of Rebecca Fanene). Fanene was a famous Samoan pro-wrestler, under the name Peter Maivia. He was from American Samoa. In Dwayne’s early wrestling days, he was known as Rocky Maivia, a combination of the nicknames of his father, Rocky Johnson, and his grandfather, Peter Maivia.
Dwayne’s maternal grandmother was Ofelia “Lia” Fuataga. Ofelia was born in Lalomanu, Aleipata, Western Samoa (then under New Zealand rule, now independent), and was a wrestling promoter.
Quote(It say when I click your links. That is my point: except for the Igbo Nigerians, they usually have the black leather jacket skintone. So black you just see their teeth at night.)
No that’s not true at all. That’s my point right there you saw or met a few people from a section of Africa . Countries with literally hundreds of different ethnic groups (Nigeria has 500 hundred ethnic groups by itself)..You have no idea what ethnic group they came from.Those people don’t all look the same. Igbo aren’t the lighter skin ones over there, these women are Hausa:
Quote(About the Tuaregs, they were a small group. I don’t remember much. It was a cultural exchange or something.)
The Hausa women picture looks odd, maybe it’s the lighting I dunno…the third woman from right is mixed and others are suspicious. The Cameroonians here look normally West African. You can have 500 ethnic groups but the majority of people still belongs to a few ones. You can say my exposure is limited but I’ve personally met and talked to people from a lot of African countries, Congo and Ethiopia too.
That’s normal sweetie most people think I’m of Samoan ancestry. I always thought it was because I use to wear my hair the same as the man in the first picture(but who knows). Cut it off since then, took to long to get it braided
Black people can recognize other blacks or people with african admixture and many Somoans look African admixed to me.
Lonzo Ball is an American basketball player, from UCLA. He was born to LaVar Ball and Tina C. Slatinsky (the daughter of Bert and Catherine Slatinsky from Florida). The surname Slatinzky may indicate Czech heritage.
Lonzo stands at 6’6 tall and owes his size to his parents who played basketball in college. His father Lavar stands at 6’6 and his mother Tina stands at 6’1.
Raine Maida is a Canadian musician. He is known as the lead vocalist for the Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace.
He is the son of Margaret Joan (Stracey) and Anthony Maida. Raine is married to singer and songwriter Chantal Kreviazuk, with whom he has three children.
Raine has said that he is a “first generation Italian”. His father is of Italian origin and his mother has English, Irish, and Scots-Irish/Northern Irish ancestry.
Raine’s maternal grandfather was Walter Edwin Stracey (the son of William Stracey and Nellie Sarah Ann Armstrong). Walter was born in Montréal, Québec, to English parents, from London. William was the son of Walter Stracey and Ellen Harrison, who was of part Irish descent. Nellie was the daughter of John James Armstrong, who was Scots-Irish/Northern Irish, and of Elizabeth Sally Stannard.
Raine’s maternal grandmother was Elizabeth Joyce Robinson (the daughter of Joseph Robinson and Elizabeth Dunn). Elizabeth was an English war bride, from Bromborough Pool, Wirral, Cheshire (now part of Merseyside).
The gaucho is constructed as the originary, yet absent, figure whose essential moral qualities persist in the modern Argentine man.
Borges's writings related to the gaucho genre condense many of the aesthetic and political ideologies that underlie his works.
Looking for some adult fun join the best mature singles online with just a couple of clicks and enter a world where hooking up is easy and free meet hot mature men and women from your area. Senior next sign in older women dating looking for service that is devoted exclusively to dating older men meet local mature singles and find a. Younger men older women dating site - if you are looking for a soul mate from the same location, then our site is perfect for you, because you can look up for profiles by your city.
Browse photo profiles & contact mature, age on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join. Beautiful and big bisexual women are looking for bi singles and couples at our bi bbw dating site hookup with a girl who is bi and big tonight, bi bbw dating. Flingcom - world's best casual personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy photos, personals and more. Throw your clothes out the window and get online with naked dating site be 18 years or older naked dating site is part of the men single naked women.
If you are single and want to date older black men then our website is just perfect place for you check us out and start meeting up with hot older black men, older black men. Join this amazing website that is here to help older singles connect in sent to you by date over 60 would you like to meet men or women of your age who. Find this pin and more on meet mature ladies by rich women looking for younger man is a trend in future is the hottest dating site for younger men & older women. Find smart, attractive single women looking for men in your area with elitesingles.
Younger men are always trying to find where to meet older women we put together the 10 best spots to try when looking for where to meet older women. Looking for an online dating site with a large christian the secret to dating “older” women (11 tips make no mistake — older women are looking for men,. A dating site for american men & asian women single american guys seek asian women for dating & marriage asian women dating american men. You like your women hairy if you would rather pick a natural girl over the one that hurts her body and makes it artificial, this is a place for you, hirsute dating. Join our gay older dating service today enjoy finding some older gay men to date and meet at your greatest convenience here this is the leading site for dating older gay men bringing you.
Finding a date with mingle2 has never been simpler our singles community is massive, singles online chat single men single women mature singles singles. Olderwomendatingcom is the leading cougar dating site - for older women dating younger men and older men looking for older womensignup for free. The best and most effective dating site for younger women dating older men &older men dating younger women & old man young woman dating. Cougar life is your cougar dating site for women looking to date younger men signup for free and start dating cougars today.
Find meetups about black women and white men and meet people in your local community who share your interests.
Love dating hairy men and women hairy scene is the site for you further, all members of this dating site must be 18 years or older.
Best gay dating sites » 2018 reviews and curious men use the site to find dates and partners mature singles (50+) 48% 52.
Mature singles only is a premier meet quality singles near divorced singles jewish singles meet mature men meet mature women men seeking women. 2018 best younger women looking for older men,younger women seeking older men, older men younger women dating sites reviews on the web. Our free dating site is for you if you want to find fat free fat dating new browsing tons of profiles of single men and women living in your area and.
Nighthawk came into being when that county in the Northwestern corner of Okanogan County was a beacon for prospectors. With Oroville to the east and Loomis to the Southwest, and some spectacular mineral finds in between those two centers, it was not long before a stopping place called "Nighthawk" grew up around a ferry crossing just to the east of Miner’s Bend, in the heart of the mineral belt.
By 1903 there was a general store, railroad station, Nighthawk Hotel, and saloon. Although the mining eventually subsided, Nighthawk survived and down through the decades it has remained almost exactly as it was in the early 1900's. The prospectors and miners search no more through those barren but beautiful hills in the numbers they once did, but their legacy may still be seen.
Ore dumps of long dead mines cascading down the mountainsides, long abandoned and weathered buildings, deserted workings, and on its old location Nighthawk still presides, almost unchanged. This part of western Okanogan County abounds with old mines, decades of old buildings, trails, ranches, landmarks, and a host of other fascinating reminders of the west of yesteryear.
The once bustling Nighthawk Hotel built in 1903 still stands today as a historic reminder of what once was.
By 1903, there was a general store, Nighthawk Hotel, railroad station, saloon, and several other establishments including a house of ill repute shown here.
Nighthawks main street "Prospect Avenue, but without the cowboys, miners, horses and wagons of yesteryear.
Remaining buildings of the Kaaba-Texas Mine. Small building was the mine office. Wedge shaped building was the old mill.
Looking north across the Similkamen River, at the remains of the Kaaba-Texas Mine site, a mute relic of Nighthawks mining days.
“Organic” has been the buzz word for quite a while now, gaining more popularity. There is greater awareness thanks to the increase of diseases linked to chemicals in food and toiletries.
From fertilisers to weedicides or pesticides, the rampant use of harmful chemicals in the products we use on a daily basis – food staples, spices, wellness products – is alarming. Diseases such as diabetes, polycystic ovarian disease, hormonal imbalance and even cancer are linked to these chemicals.
While the solution to this problem lies in opting for organically grown products, a common myth is that there are hardly any options for buying organic. So, here is some help. Let’s look at what organic means and, most importantly, the organic stores in Goregaon where you can get a whole range of great products.
In simple terms, food that is produced without the use of chemical additives, fertilisers, pesticides, synthetic hormones or genetic modification is labelled “organic”.
While you may chance upon an organic brand in most supermarkets or a high-end store, here’s a list of organic stores in Goregaon. You will find here a large range of products that may not so heavy on the pocket 🙂
Formally known as Anukaran, this store stocks organic products from different brands. You can find everything from black, red and basmati rice to pulses, pasta, spices, bottled soups, ready made sauces to organic supplements and superfoods.
Moreover, there’s a range of organic skin care and body-and-bath products, as well as a variety of organic hair colour and organic lingerie here.
This organic store in Goregaon West keeps a wide variety of products under the Tapobhumi brand. These are 100% chemical-free and hygienically manufactured.
Tapobhumi has a range of shampoos, body wash, creams, lotions that are not tested on animals. Organic spices, dry fruits, jaggery, ghee, dates, etc., can also be purchased here.
If you thought FabIndia only sold stylish apparel and furniture, you haven’t checked out their organic range of products. One of the most prominent organic stores in Goregaon, FabIndia has a wide range of self-branded products. This includes delicious conserves, pickles, oils, pasta, jelly, trail mix, dry fruits and health supplements. Pricing is pretty much in line with other regular products available in the market.
This 100% organic store headquartered in Goregaon has a wide variety of organic superfoods, flour, pulses, spices, sweeteners, nuts and rice. The best part is that you can order with a few clicks and taps and have organic food delivered to your doorstep.
With these options around, I hope you now believe that organic products are neither unaffordable or unavailable in Goregaon. Let’s eat healthy and spread the word for a healthy neighbourhood and fit community.
Do you have PPP – Post Pujo Pangs? Treat them with some Bengal-centric shopping in Goregaon. Is the sound of the dhak still in your...
The Retyrement Plan is a Goregaon-based brand that transforms waste to home decor wonders. Conceived by textile designer, Anu Tandon...
MuseLAB is an end-to-end design studio; offering a bespoke and leading-edge approach to design. With a precise focus on unique and highly...
The best shopping in Goregaon, brought to you by Goregaon Highway Pulse. Buy unique handmade gifts for your loved ones from these...
GHP Archives Select Month November 2018 (5) October 2018 (16) September 2018 (23) August 2018 (24) July 2018 (20) June 2018 (27) May 2018 (30) April 2018 (23) March 2018 (8) February 2018 (8) January 2018 (20) December 2017 (8) November 2017 (14) October 2017 (16) September 2017 (17) August 2017 (12) July 2017 (13) June 2017 (6) May 2017 (10) April 2017 (19) March 2017 (11) February 2017 (12) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (5) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (8) August 2016 (7) July 2016 (5)
Welcome to Grazebook, the site for Rangelands enthusiasts in Australia and around the Rangeland “globe”.
Grazebook has been created to encourage the flow of information across the vast areas that are the Rangelands, in an attempt to both break down the tyranny of distance in sharing knowledge and to help nurture the growing Rangeland “community” of sustainability orientated stakeholders.
You can also leave the user="..." part, now your shortcode'll look like: [yourchannel video="e3dVDn1A4C8"]. Any styles needed will be taken from the first channel you have in YourChannel page.
Add [yourchannel video_from="search" search="what to search"] to the post and it'll show first video from the search results. You can show multiple videos by adding limit="n" to shortcode, replace n with a number.
Add [yourchannel video_from="playlist" playlist="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3dVDn1A4C8&list=RDe3dVDn1A4C8"] to the post and it'll show first video from the playlist. You can show multiple videos by adding limit="n" to shortcode, replace n with a number.
Add search="what to search" to the shortcode. Add own="1" to shortcode if you want to restrict the search to your channel. You can also add channel="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEkBEbI7ME92qqjMjqvuIQA" to shortcode to search any specific channel.
Add custom="custom_playlist_name" to the shortcode. You must have created a custom playlist in YourChannel page with the name custom_playlist_name. You can also create custom playlists in the shortcode itself, add custom="3pLWskANffo,jNebrSB-r7Q" (video IDs or URLs separated by commas) to shortcode.
Add autoplay="1" to the shortcode. Add autoplay="" if the channel has autoplay enabled in its form in YourChannel page and you want to disable it for this shortcode. *This option only works with single videos in Free version.
Add limit="n" to shortcode to show n videos per load. Add max="n" to show maximum of n videos (There'll be no Load more button after this many videos are shown).
We use some workarounds to show ads in videos that are autoplayed (YouTube doesn't show ads in videos that are not just iframe embeds without autoplay). Because of this, you might notice sometimes videos don't start playing immediately, add ads="" to shortcode to fix this (you won't see ads). But you'll generally not notice the delay caused by workaround.
Add show_meta="1" to show player title, uploader & statistics under the player. Add show_desc="1" to show description. And add show_comments="1" to show comments.
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.OK
This chest contains the male and female shepherd's body item. You can wear either one of them, depending on your character's sex.
Discussions on Two Drawer Side Table Mahogany Two Drawer Side Table Circa For Sale Brigitte 1 Drawer Side Table are closed
Britain is due to commence Brexit negotiations with the European Union in 11 days time - but as yet, nobody knows who whose government will be sitting at the ...
Clarkson described it as the biggest and most frightening crash he had ever seen, adding in a Twitter post: Thankfully, Richard seems to be mostly OK. In 2006...
His appointment as Environment Secretary came after former chancellor George Osborne branded her "dead woman walking", warning that she could be ousted from No ...
He said Redouane's home, an apartment in Barking , east London , was the men's safe house where they put their plot together and prepared the attack. Haydon s...
It was the fifth postseason goal for Hornqvist, who deflected the puck off netminder Pekka Rinne from behind the goal line at the right post after Justin Sch...
North Belfast MP Nigel Dodds, DUP leader at Westminster, last night ruled out any chance of backing Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn to be prime minister and c...
He said the decision had been made "in light of Mr Comey's recent testimony". In a letter seen by the Reuters news Agency, Mr Sessions told Senator, Richa...
Arsene Wenger has spoken of his determination to keep Sanchez at the club, claiming he would rather lose him for nothing in 2018 than cash in on his star forwa...
The concert will take place at Emirates Old Trafford cricket ground, and fans can also expect Coldplay , Pharrell Williams and One Direction's Niall Horan...
One US official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, confirmed that the incident was a "green-on-blue" attack by a member of the Afghan security forces in N...
MARAWI The Philippine authorities said yesterday they were trying to negotiate a ceasefire in the southern city of Marawi and rescue up to 2,000 civilians tr...
Trump denied that he had asked Comey for his loyalty, though, adding, "There would be nothing wrong if I did say it". I based my bet on his actions as ass...
DUP leader Arlene Foster told Sky News she would be meeting May in Downing Street tomorrow. "Theresa May is a dead woman walking and the only question is h...
May's aides, Nick Timothy and Fiona Hill, announced on Saturday that they had quit following sustained criticism of the campaign within the party. "I and other ...
South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Thursday that North Korea "should immediately halt its nuclear and missile provocations", following a test launch...
Local police in Iran's western province of Kermanshah also said that two people had been arrested in connection with the double attacks, while over 90 handgun...
Timothy had been widely blamed for the social care plan, over which May was forced to backtrack in the middle of the election campaign following signs it was hi...
It comes after a disastrous general election where the prime minister lost her majority, with 13 fewer seats than she started with. This morning, two of May...
May's weakened position in the party rules out big changes to the Cabinet lineup. Johnson tweeted that an article in the Mail on Sunday newspaper headlined ...
Corporate sponsors, including AT&T and JetBlue, dropped out of the parade over the organizers' decision to honor him as "National Freedom Hero", and Gov. That w...
The controversy erupted this week when students came home with their school yearbooks and parents like Joe Berardo found their children's pro-Trump merchand...
The decision to rule out a formal pact, which could make it more hard for the prime minister to govern, comes after her trusted joint chiefs of staff, Nick Timo...
Producers tried on Sunday - and failed miserably. Broadway veteran Cynthia Nixon picked up her second Tony award for featured actress for her role in Li...
Of the 16 people arrested so far, five have already been released: two men from the Fallowfield area of Manchester, aged 20 and 22 and believed to be Abedi's co...
People living in Britain are waking up to uncertainty as Prime Minister Theresa May ignored calls to stand down after the ruling Conservative Party lost an ...
A man has been cleared of child porn charges, after investigators found that an Internet attacker was responsible for the presence of illicit images on his PC.
A man accused of storing child pornography on his computer has been cleared after it emerged that his computer had been infected by a Trojan horse, which was responsible for transferring the images onto his PC.
Julian Green, 45, was taken into custody last October after police with a search warrant raided his house. He then spent a night in a police cell, nine days in Exeter prison and three months in a bail hostel. During this time, his ex-wife won custody of his seven year old daughter and possession of his house.
This is thought to be the second case in the UK where a "Trojan defence" has been used to clear someone of such an accusation. In April, a man from Reading was found not guilty of the crime after experts testified that a Trojan could have been responsible for the presence of 14 child porn images on his PC.
Trojan horses can be used to install a back door on a PC, allowing an attacker to freely access the computer. Using the back door, a malicious user can send pictures or other files to the victim's computer or use the infected machine to access illegal Web sites, while hiding the intruder's identity. Infected machines can be used for storing files without the knowledge of the computer's owner.
Kevin Hogan, senior manager at Symantec Security Response, told ZDNet UK that he has known Trojans to pretend to be a game, picture and even a Windows folder. "It is technically possible for a Trojan to set up someone's computer as a proxy machine. So you see a folder on your desktop, double click it and it executes."
According to Hogan, a Trojan back door can usually be dealt with by using an up-to-date antivirus software or a personal firewall.
Green told The Evening Standard that the experience wrecked his life because he was treated like a depraved sex fiend. "I had never been in trouble before. In cases like this it is not innocent until proved guilty, but the other way around," he said.
I was so sure that I'd worn this necklace and dress together before! I like wearing statement necklaces against the black and white stripes, it makes the pink in this necklace really pop. Was quite surprised when I sat down to write this post and looked through the blog and realised I haven't actually worn the combination before. I have worn something similar though.
I really liked the pink and purple with this. A neutral outfit is a great base to add colourful accessories too, and pink and purple are so complimentary. The Balenciaga Pompon bag is such a large bag and easily carried everything I need for work. I have a more detailed review of it in the video below.
Last worn: jersey blazer, striped fit and flare dress, Walnut Melbourne ballet flats, Balenciaga Pompon bag.
Perfect for pregnancy: jersey blazer in third trimester, striped fit and flare dress in second trimester, Walnut Melbourne ballet flats and wrap dress.
Although discontinued, you can find the Balenciaga pompon bag on resale sites like the ones above that guarantee authenticity.
Keeping it simpler this time, with just one extra colour in my outfit. Classic little black dress with a textured jacket and neutral silver accessories, so the only touch of colour is the pretty purple Balenciaga pompon bag.
I liked the mix of textures in this outfit, with the jacquard jacket and the ribbed dress. The silver necklace seemed like an obvious choice with the metallic silver thread in the jacket.
The only problem with this is that the jacket has pretty zipper pulls on the sleeves. Looks great, but not ideal for wearing to the office and typing in, it makes such a noise! So I had a cardigan with me and swapped the jacket for a cardigan at my desk.
Last worn: jacquard jacket, ponte fit and flare dress, silver ballet flats, Balenciaga murier pompon bag (above).
Fit and flare dresses in a neutral colour are a great outfit backdrop for any more colourful accessories you might want to add. With the neutral backdrop, the purple Balenciaga pompon bag really stands out. As you can see from the first outfit, your colourful accessories don't always have to match, sometimes it's fun to wear different colours to add even more brightness to a black and white palette.
Linking up with Style Sessions, Turning Heads, Confident Twosday, Fashion Frenzy, Style On The Daily, Oh Hey Girl.
I´m obsessed with large bags (loved them even before having a baby) And now you need to carry around more stuff - so it´s a must! Pretty outfit,Mica!
You look gorgeous in both dresses. I love wearing striped dress and tops. These kinds of pieces attract me always. So my favorite is undoubtedly the first one.
Those two outfits are perfect for work in office. I m thinking that i need a stripes dress by seeing yours.
Hope you had a great week. Here it rains a lot and i couldnt do the shooting looks that i want to do😣
Both outfits looks so elegant and feminine. I love how you used necklaces to accessorize. A nice necklace can adds something special to a dress. You do look perfect in both of these dresses.
I did notice that you have quite a few coloured handbags. I love handbags in colours, I totally agree with you that they are great items to have. Coloured bags are a fabulous way to add some colour to an outfit.
I completely agree - it's nice to have a pop or two of color against fit and flare dresses.The black and white is such a fun dress! I love texture and color too!
Same here! I love bright or colorful bags because they go with everythinggggg. The brightness really ofsets the need to match what you're wearing and I love that
Hi Happy Monday! The purple bag pops beautifully against the stripes. I adore how handbags can brighten up a look! You look very pretty as always. I pray you had a great weekend. I just arrived back from a relaxing vacation.
I love the statement that the purple bag makes against the striped dress and black dress--it is such a pretty color! I love it paired with your pink necklace too. You are totally convincing me that I need to get a bright colored bag for the upcoming season!
I just tried on some fit and flare dresses this weekend and wasn't too pleased with the way they fit. I still have some baby weight to loose there. But I noticed your dresses look like the waistline is a little higher. That might be what I need! These both look fabulous on you! I love the bright pink necklace with your striped dress!
haha yes these are so post-baby friendly! I used them to hide the baby bump at work too, such a good style for that! Hope you can find something similar.
I think that both outfits look very good for work and that adding that coloured bag makes all the difference Mica.
My favorite is that striped dress with black blazer Mica. So polished. Great look and I love the touch of color with the necklace. You look so pretty.
Balenciaga's design are so unique and original that when i saw your pics I knew right away it was a Balenciaga bag. They have such a cool style. I hoped you enjoyed your barbecue and party this past weekend!
It is the one reason why I stopped wearing bracelets to the office. I love them, but they are so damn noisy!
haha yes you really have to think differently about clothes when you are sitting at a computer all day!
I love the shape of that bag. I'd love to use it for traveling. Looks like you can fit anything in there!
This is such a fabulous look for the office! I absolutely love the pop of colour of your bag. It adds such fun character with a classy look. Happy Week :)
I just read a very interesting article on Balenciaga before I came to your blog! It's a Balenciaga day! Haha. I love both of your outfits! That striped dress is calling my name right now. :)
This bag is so pretty , it looks perfect with your outfits. Loved both looks. Have a lovely week ahead.
Yep, I can't do bracelets or bangles at work for that reason! My skinny wrists mean they rattle around uselessly and hit the desk non stop.
My day to day ones end up sliding quite far up my arm when I'm typing so that's good, but there are some pieces I don't wear to work for that reason!
These are both lovely outfits - I'm loving the necklaces with the dresses, which feels very fresh to me. Love the pops of purple!
I have a soft spot for fit and flare dresses; they're SO flattering and versatile! Both of these look lovely on you, though my fave has got to be the first, striped one. So pretty! :)
I have that same problem with my white moto jacket---the zippers always bang on my desk as I'm typing....lesson learned to not wear those for days of typing, I guess!!
In fact, I could never wear bracelets when I was a dentist, because for some reason patients frowned upon getting hit in the face with them...ha ha!!
haha yes, some jackets are not built for typing! I never thought of that, but it's a good idea you stopped wearing bracelets then, haha!
I must say, I like the first outfit very much. Very well styled the black and white dress with the purple burgundy bag and statement necklace. Great outfits!
https://mihabalan.com/2018/04/08/the-ultimate-backpack-for-everyday-travel-and-everything-in-between/
I love the pop of colour and fit and flare dresses suit you so much! Hope you're having a lovely start to your week,
You have such an enviable bag collection! And I've totally had those moments when my clothes make awkward office moments, once my lariat necklace looped itself around my desk drawer pull.
Both outfit looks amazing on you! I feel like that bag would go with so much and add just right amount of color!
Love the stripes with a splash of lavender and bright pink beads. These are very good looks and are classic and casual, but in an updated and chic way, I hope you are well.
Love how versatile this Balenciaga bag is, Mica:) I think people think purple is a hard colour to wear, but it's really not as you have proven. And I love that necklace-and-dress combo in the first outfit, although I love the classicness of the second outfit too:)
I definitely find purple easy to wear, as it goes so well with blue and I wear so much of that, haha!
That's a fabulous bag! Large bags like this were my favorite when I used to work in an office because I used to carry so much stuff back and forth from work.
The striped outfit with the purple bag is such a great put together look. I also think that the pink jewellery goes rather well with it. <3
I am finally back after a short break, was so busy with work stuff but glad to be back. Have a wonderufl week. :) /Madison
I am loving the colour of that bag. What a stunning shade of purple. Your last ensemble, I thought the dress was navy! And really loved the two together. Then I read on and saw it was black hahahaha. Oh well, maybe this navy-purple pairing can be attempted next time... ...
I've worn this bag with navy before and loved it too! :) I think colours can show up differently on different screens sometimes!
That bag looks so versatile, Mica! Looks like you can fit the whole house in it which is great when you're a mum :D Lovely plum shade too! You styled it well :D :D Sorry to hear you're all under the weather, hopefully that passes soon as the season changes!
Your feedback on my outfits and any constructive criticism is welcomed. I appreciate the time you take to leave a kind comment. Make sure to tick 'Notify me' if you've asked a question so you get an email response :)
Feel free to leave a link to your blog so I can check it out. "Follow me" or "follow for follow" comment spam will not be published.
Personal style blog of a petite Aussie mum of two boys. Showing you how to move away from the blue jeans style rut without blowing your budget!
This blog contains some affiliate marketing links, which means I may get paid a commission if you choose to purchase a product or service that I link to in a post. I wear what I love and link either when you can buy the item yourself online, or link if there is a similar item you could buy instead. Thank you for supporting my blog. Privacy Policy
Away From The Blue by Mica is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.
Подписывайтесь на «Дизайнерский дайджест». Это еженедельная рассылка главного редактора с лучшими ссылками для графических дизайнеров.
@first time poster, you could try to make sure you have the DirectX version that the game requires. Eg. my new Vista laptop had this initial problem until I installed the DirectX that the game required.
Okay. So, I used to run the game on my computer when it had Windows Vista and then it worked fine except for a few graphical glitches. Now, I have Windows 7 and it crashes at the title screen.
Isn't there a way to set it so that the game can only make use of 3gb or less instead of altering this for the entire OS?.
Ok been messing a round with the tweaker but seems the tweaker doesn't save the settings I entered.. I did save those.. and if I run the game by the tweak tool or by my desktop shortcut.. he still starts the game at 640x480 O.O?
i have an major graphic issue on homm5 (all addons)...my sylvan town looks very wrong...i have white water and black tree. ...
I need some help. My computer crashed and I reinstalled this game only to find all the single player games missing. I don't mean the ones I saved, I mean the custom games where you can manipulate what faction/hero/resources you start with and can choose maps based on their size, win/loss conditions, etc). I installed the same disks and ran all the updates. I haven't downloaded any patches, but I don't remember doing that the first time and still had all the single player games. Did I do something wrong? Do I need the patches? Any help is much appreciated. Thanks.
Those should be in the multiplayer section, have you checked it out? Single are just several campaign-like maps.
Wow. Thanks for the quick response. I'm looking at the multiplayer maps and they're definitely there. I just remember playing single player maps with a bunch of AI players. Is that possible or did I remember incorrectly? Like I distinctly remember clicking Single Player>Custom Game and then selecting a single player game (like A Quest for Beauty, War of the Worlds, etc.) and just clicking it and modifying everything I wanted and playing. I don't remember having to click 'Hot Seat' and then Standard Mode. Any ideas? Thanks.
Nevermind. I've got it. There's a tab at the top that says 'Show Multiplayer Maps' when you get into single player mode. You just have to click that and they show up. Thanks again.
I *think* when in single map section you can tick an option for the others to appear. No worries though, multiplayer maps can be played with AI normally.
I have a problem with installing HOMM5 on my Vista comp. I can install just fine on my desktop which is an XP, but my Vista laptop is better for playing game than my desktop, so weird. o.O
Installation completed but when I press play the screen turn black then back to normal, nothing happen. If I try to uninstall the process goes through but then it is unable to uninstall. Is it some kind of keys I need to delete before uninstalling and how can I get the game to work after??
I remember some people had that issue being unable to uninstal.. You didn't erase any files from the directory right? Black screen only brings non updated drivers or insufficient graphics card in mind, does it meet the requirements?
yes, the Vista laptop is an Alienware. It is not a graphic problem because I can manage to play Tribes of the East on it. I can not play vanilla and hammer of fate though. I thought this was a Vista compatibility problem. Also I can not apply latest update for TotE...
After some extensive searching the official forums, I found a link which helped me solve the following problem:
1. The install locks up at the end, with a black screen, having task manager close the program gives a "The remote procedure call failed." error.
2. The 1.1 and above patches either give an error "the game isn't installed" or they just go through the motions, seeming to work right (except the install is very quick) but they don't actually patch the game. The game version isn't visibly changed, and the new "easy" mode and the new camera options are nowhere to be found.
3. Trying to uninstall the game will have the uninstaller go through the motions, but the game doesn't uninstall and the entry in add/remove programs doesn't change
The steps are in more detail in the above article (which I've saved if the link ever goes bad, let me know)
I hope this helps some people, there were a couple threads on the official forums with this as an unresolved issue (short of reinstalling windows)
yes, it says something like that. I will try to do all this stuff this weekend to see what happen....
Wow so many.... I live in US so yea I guess I'll install the "us" patches. But do I have to install them in order?? Or is patch 1.03 include patch 1.01 for example...
i have an major graphic issue on homm5 (all addons)...my sylvan town looks very wrong...i have white water and black tree....
EEO Group S.A participated on 23th-24th of March in the 2nd transnational project meeting of “Methodology for ADULT Education in the EU (MADE in EU)”, a 24-month Erasmus+ project under KA2.The international project "Methodology for ADULT Education in the EU" aims to exchange best practices in the development and implementation of adult education programs among five partner organizations working in this field.
In this project meeting EEO Group S.A was represented by its Project Manager Maria Moschou. Partners during the meeting discussed about best practices in adult education and social inclusion issues.
Action plan for the establishment of validation mechanisms for non formal and informal learning systems
EEO GROUP SA has been awarded with a new project in Cyprus: “Action plan for the establishment of validation mechanisms for non formal and informal learning systems”. The project duration is 13 months.
EEO GROUP SA has been awarded with a new Erasmus + project “Methodologies ADult Education in EU (MADE in EU)” as member of an international consortium. The duration of the project is 24 months.
Building advanced media literacy competences and digital skills of low-skilled adults 45+ through social media (MedLit#45+)
EEO GROUP SA has been awarded with a new Erasmus + project “Building advanced media literacy competences and digital skills of low-skilled adults 45+ through social media (MedLit#45+)” as member of an international consortium. The duration of the project is 24 months.
INSERT - Developing the competences of educators and professionals for the promotIoN of Social Entrepreneurship to adults with migRanT background
EEO GROUP SA has been awarded with a new Erasmus + project “INSERT - Developing the competences of educators and professionals for the promotIoN of Social Entrepreneurship to adults with migRanT background” as member of an international consortium. The duration of the project is 24 months.
EEO GROUP SA has been awarded with a new Erasmus + project “AXESS: Acquisition of Key Competences for Economic and Social Sustainability” as member of an international consortium. The duration of the project is 24 months.
EEO GROUP SA has been awarded with a new Erasmus + project “SURVIVE: Surviving The Storm: Identifying & Linking Internal Capabilities with Business Continuity” as member of an 7-partner international consortium. The project aims to create a powerful tool & a flexible training program that will manage to link the market needs with the training offered, in a way that will allow effective use of resources (people, time) & clear connection of training with business results. The duration of the project is 24 months.
The Kick off Meeting started at 19-20 January 2017 in Italy and the partners had the opportunity to discuss about the objectives of the project. Partners discussed on the final division of work, the overall project management structure, the financial/administrative framework, the dissemination strategy and the monitoring plan.
The project “Jump: Juggling Motherhood and Profession” is an EU funded project under Erasmus+ KA2 - Strategic Partnerships for adults. JUMP has been developed to respond to unskilled mothers’ request of help to find a job, social professionals working in public and private establishments need to set up complex and multilayered methods of social intervention: in first place they need to be able to rely on innovative practices capable to address the social/emotional/relational roots of the unskilled mothers’ unemployment or inactivity challenges.
The partnership focuses on Southern Europe (I, ES, GR) and one South-Eastern European country (HR) and has an impressive curricula of working with women employability, training and assistance.
The project builds up a strong and continuative partnership among different stakeholders active in manufactoring and furniture sector and experts in education and training issues in order to update and improve
It supports basic latin characters, but in some countries those are just not enough. Cyrillic alphabet is, for example, used a lot in the East-Europe or Asia.
That’s why I worked on some apps that allows the Pebble Time to display cyrillic, hebrew, greek, thai or vietnamese fonts.
Those fonts will be available in applications, notifications etc. In fact, those are system-wide fonts, so, when the right package is installed, every time the Pebble Time looks for one of those fonts, it finds and displays it, instead of showing an error square!
Flash Slideshow Builder creates attractive slideshows with cool 3D slice effects and transitions between Source Flash Slideshow slides. You'll be able to divide your images into any number of pieces and rotate them the way you like! Flash Slideshow Builder uses the Tweener engine, which makes it support several tween types for the transitions, such as Cubic, Bounce or Elastic. Use Flash Slideshow Builder to create content slider, image galleries, image & banner rotator for your website. You don't need to have any professional skills in Flash, HTML, CSS and Javascript. All need files and html code will be generated in Flash Slideshow Builder visual interface for Windows and MAC OS. Just open images in Flash Slideshow Builder program, specify the description and adjust transition properties for each image. Publish the flickr like free flash albums to a local drive or directly to the Internet via a built-in FTP client and add the HTML embed code on your website or blog. As a result you'll have .swf (flash) file that requires an XML configuration file in which the paths to the existing images and settings, necessary for handling those, are defined. You can also define the appearance in terms of font-family, font-style, color, etc. in an external CSS file, making customization really easy.
Flash Slideshow Builder Maker will now include these pictures. Or you can drag the images (folder) to the Flash Slideshow Builder window. The image is copied to your pictures folder and automatically added to flickr like free flash albums. If you have included the images that you do not wish to be in the slideshow, you can easily remove them. Select all images that you wish to remove from slide show, and select Delete images.. from the Images menu. You can pick and choose pictures by holding the CTRL while clicking the pictures you like.
On the second tab of the Gallery Properties window you can select the size of flickr like free flash albums. Specify Number of segments, Rotation direction and Delay between rotations.
* Copy all code for Flash Slideshow Builder from the HEAD and BODY tags and paste it on your page in the HEAD tag and in the place where you want to have a Free Flash Slideshow Creator For Mac (inside the BODY tag).
If you would like to continue using this Flash Gallery Xml Thumbnail product after the trial period, you should purchase a Business Edition. The Business Edition additionally provides an option to remove the CU3OX.com credit line as well as a feature to put your own logo to images. After you complete the payment via the secure form, you will receive a license key instantly by email that turns the Free Trial Version into a Business one. You can select the most suitable payment option: PayPal, credit card, bank transfer, check etc.
For feature requests, troubleshooting, general help contact Customer Support at . Make sure to include details on your CU3OX version, a link (or relevant code), operating system and a browser.Flash Slideshow Fade Transition Taringa
The powell river books blog is designed to promote the books written by wayne j lutz on occasion, reviews of other products or services are included as informational posts no cash or in-kind payment has been received for any of those posts. Meet other single 70+ adults in powell river like you - whether you are a single parent, divorced, separated, or have never been married whether you're 70+ or just looking to meet 70+ singles online, you can use our filters and advanced search to find single 70+ women and men in the area of powell river , british columbia who match your interests. We offer programs for all schools in powell river, texada island, and the surrounding areas teachers may book their classes for single lessons or a series of lessons, in which students have the opportunity to come explore our facility and take part in structured gymnastics lessons. View details for property 301-6900 burnaby street, powell river ocean view condo - amazing ocean view from this 3rd level, corner unit condo at grandview estates offers 1150 sq feet of living area on one level with open concept kitchen to dining and living room area kitchen also features eating bar living room has gas fireplace and dining room that lead out to wrap around deck.
Powell river regional district are single persons or non-family households 34% 18% 8% 4% 35% statement: the majority of single parent and couple households have one child number of children in families in powell river regional district single parent households couple households 1 child 2 children 3+ children # % 1 child 2 children 3. The latest tweets from powell river peak (@peak_aboo) a little bird that tweets about powell river powell river, bc canada skip to content home home home, current page moments moments moments, current page search query search twitter include parent tweet include media. Find the best offers for houses single family powell river is in powell river open house we do not have information on any open houses currently scheduled schedule :4236) this single family home located at 9242 powell lake, powell river is currently for s homes homes 1,205,427 ads.
Meet powell river singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in powell river jewish singles, atheists, republicans, democrats, pet lovers, cute powell river women, handsome powell river men, single parents, gay men, and lesbians. The shinglemill is located on pristine powell lake the lake, created during the last ice age, is 32 km long and is a favourite recreational area for locals and visitors the restaurant is named for the powell lake shingle mill that once stood on this site. 26 reviews of coastal cookery stopped in for lunch and had the sticky rice chicken bowl very good a little spice to take things up a notch with tender chicken and a mix of veggies that went perfectly the initial response of all of our parents when told we had to go to powell river for a second time in less than 3 months, was one of. Powell river, bc – the powell river rcmp has confirmed the death of a man in a vehicle accident over the weekend constable ron palmquist said that at around 12:46 am on june 16th, police received a report of a single-vehicle collision. The single parent employment initiative removes barriers to employment for single parents on income and disability assistance, providing them with the training and supports they need to secure long- term and sustainable employment beginning september 1, 2015, single parents on income or disability assistance became eligible for: up to 12 months of funded training for an.
Fishing at the club may of the club members not only hunt and shoot but are avid in the pursute of fish we have a monthly meeting to meet and discuss various aspects of fishing with special epahisis on the art of fly fishing. Powell river, canada joined in november 2017 30 reviews kelly is a superhost superhosts are experienced, highly rated hosts who are committed to providing great stays for guests. Waterous advantus 6 single foam 40 imperial gallon tank features / options robinson rom roll-up doors, elkhart brass model 8599 extender elkhart brass cobra exm, model 7200-01 electric deck gun elkhart brass x-stream, model sm-1250e, electric master stream nozzle, allison 3000 evs. We are tickled pink to introduce a new author for powtown post, diana findlay she is a grade 4/5 teacher and librarian for school district #47, a wife, and mother to a 2-year-old, living in powell river.
The latest tweets from powell river kings (@bchlkings) official twitter account of the powell river kings in the @bchllive powell river, british columbia skip to content home home home, current page moments moments moments, current page search query search twitter include parent tweet. The community reception for the musical ride hosted by the rotary clubs of powell river was a huge success it was a magical moment at willingdon park the weather was perfect and powell river in its usual fashion made our guests feel welcome. Airplane safety is one of the major concerns of people who deals with fearread more . Dorothy parent november 30, 1925- december 19, 2017 dorothy left us to go fishing with the love of her life peter parent and to reunite with daughter mary jocelyn dorothy became a registered nurse.
Updated we are looking for a hobby farm or acreage (1-5 acres in powell river and area) at least 4 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms worth somewhere in the $400,000 - $450,000 range. Powell river a gentle and efficient approach to life's challenges for individuals of all ages couples of all orientations blended, nuclear, single parent and extended families i use different approaches to offer my clients the support they seek, in a safe and confidential environment. Posts about single parent written by giovanni the single parent employment initiative removes barriers to employment for single parents on income and disability assistance, providing them with the training and supports they need to secure long- term and sustainable employment. Powell river bcls opportunities select a city below to see current job opportunities in this area single store recall: powell river.
Parent & tot drop-in gymnastics our parent & tot program provides children aged 4 and under the opportunity to come explore this facility with their parents, grandparents, guardians, etc parent & tot drop-in – powell river gymnastics & cheer. By analyzing information on thousands of single family homes for sale in powell, tennessee and across the united states, it is designed to be a starting point to help parents make baseline comparisons, not the only factor in selecting the right school for your family. Meet thousands of local powell river singles, as the worlds largest dating site we make dating in powell river easy plentyoffish is 100% free, unlike paid dating sites you will get more interest and responses here than all paid dating sites combined over 1,500,000 daters login every day to.
6 tips for dating as a single parent author guardian soulmates share read more of our dating tips for single parents here head over to whichdatecouk for impartial dating advice and reviews of the best online dating sites and apps meet single parents on guardian soulmates. Online dating in sherrill for free the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship register here and chat with other sherrill singles. The allow single parents to connect with other single parents this opens up a whole new world of opportunities that regular dating sites fail to fulfill below is an overview of top 5 best single parent dating sites.
Single parent dating by tamara hartley really inspired me and gave me a lot of helpful information i am going to use to jump back into the dating world i will keep ya'll posted but encourage you. There’s a lot of sites out there catering to single parents, but single parent match is the oldest of them and has a great reputation while you can definitely seek out like-minded single. Xpresscom for parents is by the best new dating site for single parents we tested more details this is a fairly new dating website, and it’s best for those that may have tried matchcom and / or eharmonycom before it’s a new entrant in the dating world, and it becamse pretty huge in the single parent community.
Best dating sites for single parents - reviews of the top dating site for single parents -- review here -- single parent. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of singles in sherrill, ar join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site. The single mom's survival guide and you need more than a compass to find your way through the duds and dorks of the dating world there are also sites just for single parents, like. For many single parents, dating is exciting and scary at the same time on one hand, you can hardly contain your enthusiasm for your new love interest yet, you may be plagued with questions about when and how to introduce your kids. Dating for single parents can be a difficult task why not try online dating 6 best dating sites for single parents dating for single parents can be a difficult task why not try online dating you have more options to explore, and you can talk to the person online before meeting him/her you needn't worry if you are a novice to the.
Single parent passions gives people who are part of the single parent community a place to find one another you are welcome to use single parent passions solely as a dating site, since it has all the major features found on mainstream dating sites (eg photo personals , groups , chat , webcam video , email, forums, etc. Dating while being a single parent can be really hard, especially when you have to find a sitter to watch your child so you can go on dates singleparentmeetcom helps you by linking you to wwwcarecom where you can find qualified, affordable sitters in your area, and make that date happen. Divorced dating in sherrill, ny jewish singles or local singles, go to the dating site that is responsible for hundreds of thousands of happy couples let's get it started create your free, sherrill personals ad to begin attracting your personal faves today single parents. Free single parents dating site for moms and dads does looking after your kids full-time make you feel isolated from the world if you're nodding your head then our special dating category for moms and dads is the perfect group for you. Singleparentlove is a popular single parent dating website helping single moms and single dads find their match browse through 1000s of profiles and chat with single parents looking for serious dating and relationships now.
I know, i know, the logistics of dating as a solo parent who’s working to provide for her family can get tough i’m right there in the trenches online at single parents' dating sites and on apps, looking for love and, mostly, looking to stay out of trouble. Being a single parent is no small feat not only does it usually demand juggling a busy schedule and taking care of a dependent (or dependents), but it can make dating a challenge if the other. Sherrill's best 100% free singles dating site meet thousands of singles in sherrill with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men and women in sherrill is the perfect place to make friends or find a boyfriend or girlfriend in sherrill. Plentyoffish dating forums are a place to meet singles and get dating advice or share dating experiences etc hopefully you will all have fun meeting singles and try out this online dating thing.
Single ladies and men can find love or flirt online using online dating sites review and compare the best online dating sites for singles and single parents before signing up. And of course, online dating is a great way to ease your way back into the dating scene one common fear among single parents is ofbeing perceived as having baggage or that there’s a lack of potential suiters who are willing to date someone with a child. Singleparentsminglecom is a dating site dedicated especially to single moms and dads this site provides a simple and fun atmosphere for singles with children meet other singles parents in your city or on the other side of the world.
Our single parent dating site cupidcom is a place where free single parent dating is available it usually starts with a simple communicate, ten goes to dating and eventually marriage you may be one of them.
Whether you are a single parent dating or not, it’s wise to follow some common sense rules to keep yourself safe lianne explained: ‘make sure you follow some golden rules.
Join singleparentmeetcom and meet new single parents for friendship and dating singleparentmeetcom is a niche dating service for single women and single men become a member of singleparentmeetcom and learn more about meeting your single parent match online. Single parents get advice on their most pressing dating and romance questions, from where to meet people to how to sneak in sex plus, dating for single parents dating tips for single parents read on as single parents share their dating dilemmas and amy spencer, relationship expert and author of meeting your half-orange:. Plentymorefish has been providing online dating since 2002 and as a dating site we pride ourselves in providing you with a safe and secure environment the single parent pond is just that, somewhere to meet like-minded individuals for chats, dates and meaningful relationships. Named the world's first and best dating site for single mothers and fathers, the unique features of this site include single parent date ideas, forums, online chat, news, and health tips for kids with over 16+ years in dating business, the site is secure.
Stay connected to your BGAV family and receive the latest stories, news, and event info in your inbox!
Yes, I would like to receive emails from the Baptist General Association of Virginia. (You can unsubscribe anytime)
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Baptist General Association of Virginia, 2828 Emerywood Parkway, Henrico, VA, 23294, http://www.bgav.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
He could speak a little Spanish, and also a language which nobody understood, unless it was the mocking-bird that hung on the other side of the door, whistling his fluty notes out upon the breeze with maddening persistence.
Mr. Pontellier, unable to read his newspaper with any degree of comfort, arose with an expression and an exclamation of disgust.
He walked down the gallery and across the narrow "bridges" which connected the Lebrun cottages one with the other. He had been seated before the door of the main house. The parrot and the mockingbird were the property of Madame Lebrun, and they had the right to make all the noise they wished. Mr. Pontellier had the privilege of quitting their society when they ceased to be entertaining.
He stopped before the door of his own cottage, which was the fourth one from the main building and next to the last. Seating himself in a wicker rocker which was there, he once more applied himself to the task of reading the newspaper. The day was Sunday; the paper was a day old. The Sunday papers had not yet reached Grand Isle. He was already acquainted with the market reports, and he glanced restlessly over the editorials and bits of news which he had not had time to read before quitting New Orleans the day before.
Mr. Pontellier wore eye-glasses. He was a man of forty, of medium height and rather slender build; he stooped a little. His hair was brown and straight, parted on one side. His beard was neatly and closely trimmed.
Once in a while he withdrew his glance from the newspaper and looked about him. There was more noise than ever over at the house. The main building was called "the house," to distinguish it from the cottages. The chattering and whistling birds were still at it. Two young girls, the Farival twins, were playing a duet from "Zampa" upon the piano. Madame Lebrun was bustling in and out, giving orders in a high key to a yard-boy whenever she got inside the house, and directions in an equally high voice to a dining-room servant whenever she got outside. She was a fresh, pretty woman, clad always in white with elbow sleeves. Her starched skirts crinkled as she came and went. Farther down, before one of the cottages, a lady in black was walking demurely up and down, telling her beads. A good many persons of the pension had gone over to the Cheniere Caminada in Beaudelet's lugger to hear mass. Some young people were out under the wateroaks playing croquet. Mr. Pontellier's two children were there sturdy little fellows of four and five. A quadroon nurse followed them about with a faraway, meditative air.
Mr. Pontellier finally lit a cigar and began to smoke, letting the paper drag idly from his hand. He fixed his gaze upon a white sunshade that was advancing at snail's pace from the beach. He could see it plainly between the gaunt trunks of the water-oaks and across the stretch of yellow camomile. The gulf looked far away, melting hazily into the blue of the horizon. The sunshade continued to approach slowly. Beneath its pink-lined shelter were his wife, Mrs. Pontellier, and young Robert Lebrun. When they reached the cottage, the two seated themselves with some appearance of fatigue upon the upper step of the porch, facing each other, each leaning against a supporting post.
"What folly! to bathe at such an hour in such heat!" exclaimed Mr. Pontellier. He himself had taken a plunge at daylight. That was why the morning seemed long to him.
"You are burnt beyond recognition," he added, looking at his wife as one looks at a valuable piece of personal property which has suffered some damage. She held up her hands, strong, shapely hands, and surveyed them critically, drawing up her fawn sleeves above the wrists. Looking at them reminded her of her rings, which she had given to her husband before leaving for the beach. She silently reached out to him, and he, understanding, took the rings from his vest pocket and dropped them into her open palm. She slipped them upon her fingers; then clasping her knees, she looked across at Robert and began to laugh. The rings sparkled upon her fingers. He sent back an answering smile.
"What is it?" asked Pontellier, looking lazily and amused from one to the other. It was some utter nonsense; some adventure out there in the water, and they both tried to relate it at once. It did not seem half so amusing when told. They realized this, and so did Mr. Pontellier. He yawned and stretched himself. Then he got up, saying he had half a mind to go over to Klein's hotel and play a game of billiards.
"Come go along, Lebrun," he proposed to Robert. But Robert admitted quite frankly that he preferred to stay where he was and talk to Mrs. Pontellier.
"Well, send him about his business when he bores you, Edna," instructed her husband as he prepared to leave.
"Here, take the umbrella," she exclaimed, holding it out to him. He accepted the sunshade, and lifting it over his head descended the steps and walked away.
"Coming back to dinner?" his wife called after him. He halted a moment and shrugged his shoulders. He felt in his vest pocket; there was a ten-dollar bill there. He did not know; perhaps he would return for the early dinner and perhaps he would not. It all depended upon the company which he found over at Klein's and the size of "the game." He did not say this, but she understood it, and laughed, nodding good-by to him.
Both children wanted to follow their father when they saw him starting out. He kissed them and promised to bring them back bonbons and peanuts.
Mrs. Pontellier's eyes were quick and bright; they were a yellowish brown, about the color of her hair. She had a way of turning them swiftly upon an object and holding them there as if lost in some inward maze of contemplation or thought.
Her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair. They were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes. She was rather handsome than beautiful. Her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features. Her manner was engaging.
Robert rolled a cigarette. He smoked cigarettes because he could not afford cigars, he said. He had a cigar in his pocket which Mr. Pontellier had presented him with, and he was saving it for his after-dinner smoke.
This seemed quite proper and natural on his part. In coloring he was not unlike his companion. A clean-shaved face made the resemblance more pronounced than it would otherwise have been. There rested no shadow of care upon his open countenance. His eyes gathered in and reflected the light and languor of the summer day.
Mrs. Pontellier reached over for a palm-leaf fan that lay on the porch and began to fan herself, while Robert sent between his lips light puffs from his cigarette. They chatted incessantly: about the things around them; their amusing adventure out in the water-it had again assumed its entertaining aspect; about the wind, the trees, the people who had gone to the Cheniere; about the children playing croquet under the oaks, and the Farival twins, who were now performing the overture to "The Poet and the Peasant."
Robert talked a good deal about himself. He was very young, and did not know any better. Mrs. Pontellier talked a little about herself for the same reason. Each was interested in what the other said. Robert spoke of his intention to go to Mexico in the autumn, where fortune awaited him. He was always intending to go to Mexico, but some way never got there. Meanwhile he held on to his modest position in a mercantile house in New Orleans, where an equal familiarity with English, French and Spanish gave him no small value as a clerk and correspondent.
He was spending his summer vacation, as he always did, with his mother at Grand Isle. In former times, before Robert could remember, "the house" had been a summer luxury of the Lebruns. Now, flanked by its dozen or more cottages, which were always filled with exclusive visitors from the "Quartier Francais," it enabled Madame Lebrun to maintain the easy and comfortable existence which appeared to be her birthright.
Mrs. Pontellier talked about her father's Mississippi plantation and her girlhood home in the old Kentucky bluegrass country. She was an American woman, with a small infusion of French which seemed to have been lost in dilution. She read a letter from her sister, who was away in the East, and who had engaged herself to be married. Robert was interested, and wanted to know what manner of girls the sisters were, what the father was like, and how long the mother had been dead.
"I see Leonce isn't coming back," she said, with a glance in the direction whence her husband had disappeared. Robert supposed he was not, as there were a good many New Orleans club men over at Klein's.
When Mrs. Pontellier left him to enter her room, the young man descended the steps and strolled over toward the croquet players, where, during the half-hour before dinner, he amused himself with the little Pontellier children, who were very fond of him.
It was eleven o'clock that night when Mr. Pontellier returned from Klein's hotel. He was in an excellent humor, in high spirits, and very talkative. His entrance awoke his wife, who was in bed and fast asleep when he came in. He talked to her while he undressed, telling her anecdotes and bits of news and gossip that he had gathered during the day. From his trousers pockets he took a fistful of crumpled bank notes and a good deal of silver coin, which he piled on the bureau indiscriminately with keys, knife, handkerchief, and whatever else happened to be in his pockets. She was overcome with sleep, and answered him with little half utterances.
He thought it very discouraging that his wife, who was the sole object of his existence, evinced so little interest in things which concerned him, and valued so little his conversation.
Mr. Pontellier had forgotten the bonbons and peanuts for the boys. Notwithstanding he loved them very much, and went into the adjoining room where they slept to take a look at them and make sure that they were resting comfortably. The result of his investigation was far from satisfactory. He turned and shifted the youngsters about in bed. One of them began to kick and talk about a basket full of crabs.
Mr. Pontellier returned to his wife with the information that Raoul had a high fever and needed looking after. Then he lit a cigar and went and sat near the open door to smoke it.
Mrs. Pontellier was quite sure Raoul had no fever. He had gone to bed perfectly well, she said, and nothing had ailed him all day. Mr. Pontellier was too well acquainted with fever symptoms to be mistaken. He assured her the child was consuming at that moment in the next room.
He reproached his wife with her inattention, her habitual neglect of the children. If it was not a mother's place to look after children, whose on earth was it? He himself had his hands full with his brokerage business. He could not be in two places at once; making a living for his family on the street, and staying at home to see that no harm befell them. He talked in a monotonous, insistent way.
Mrs. Pontellier sprang out of bed and went into the next room. She soon came back and sat on the edge of the bed, leaning her head down on the pillow. She said nothing, and refused to answer her husband when he questioned her. When his cigar was smoked out he went to bed, and in half a minute he was fast asleep.
Mrs. Pontellier was by that time thoroughly awake. She began to cry a little, and wiped her eyes on the sleeve of her peignoir. Blowing out the candle, which her husband had left burning, she slipped her bare feet into a pair of satin mules at the foot of the bed and went out on the porch, where she sat down in the wicker chair and began to rock gently to and fro.
It was then past midnight. The cottages were all dark. A single faint light gleamed out from the hallway of the house. There was no sound abroad except the hooting of an old owl in the top of a water-oak, and the everlasting voice of the sea, that was not uplifted at that soft hour. It broke like a mournful lullaby upon the night.
The tears came so fast to Mrs. Pontellier's eyes that the damp sleeve of her peignoir no longer served to dry them. She was holding the back of her chair with one hand; her loose sleeve had slipped almost to the shoulder of her uplifted arm. Turning, she thrust her face, steaming and wet, into the bend of her arm, and she went on crying there, not caring any longer to dry her face, her eyes, her arms. She could not have told why she was crying. Such experiences as the foregoing were not uncommon in her married life. They seemed never before to have weighed much against the abundance of her husband's kindness and a uniform devotion which had come to be tacit and self-understood.
An indescribable oppression, which seemed to generate in some unfamiliar part of her consciousness, filled her whole being with a vague anguish. It was like a shadow, like a mist passing across her soul's summer day. It was strange and unfamiliar; it was a mood. She did not sit there inwardly upbraiding her husband, lamenting at Fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path which they had taken. She was just having a good cry all to herself. The mosquitoes made merry over her, biting her firm, round arms and nipping at her bare insteps.
The little stinging, buzzing imps succeeded in dispelling a mood which might have held her there in the darkness half a night longer.
The following morning Mr. Pontellier was up in good time to take the rockaway which was to convey him to the steamer at the wharf. He was returning to the city to his business, and they would not see him again at the Island till the coming Saturday. He had regained his composure, which seemed to have been somewhat impaired the night before. He was eager to be gone, as he looked forward to a lively week in Carondelet Street.
Mr. Pontellier gave his wife half of the money which he had brought away from Klein's hotel the evening before. She liked money as well as most women, and, accepted it with no little satisfaction.
"It will buy a handsome wedding present for Sister Janet!" she exclaimed, smoothing out the bills as she counted them one by one.
"Oh! we'll treat Sister Janet better than that, my dear," he laughed, as he prepared to kiss her good-by.
The boys were tumbling about, clinging to his legs, imploring that numerous things be brought back to them. Mr. Pontellier was a great favorite, and ladies, men, children, even nurses, were always on hand to say goodby to him. His wife stood smiling and waving, the boys shouting, as he disappeared in the old rockaway down the sandy road.
A few days later a box arrived for Mrs. Pontellier from New Orleans. It was from her husband. It was filled with friandises, with luscious and toothsome bits - the finest of fruits, pates, a rare bottle or two, delicious syrups, and bonbons in abundance.
Mrs. Pontellier was always very generous with the contents of such a box; she was quite used to receiving them when away from home. The pates and fruit were brought to the dining-room; the bonbons were passed around. And the ladies, selecting with dainty and discriminating fingers and a little greedily, all declared that Mr. Pontellier was the best husband in the world. Mrs. Pontellier was forced to admit that she knew of none better.
It would have been a difficult matter for Mr. Pontellier to define to his own satisfaction or any one else's wherein his wife failed in her duty toward their children. It was something which he felt rather than perceived, and he never voiced the feeling without subsequent regret and ample atonement.
If one of the little Pontellier boys took a tumble whilst at play, he was not apt to rush crying to his mother's arms for comfort; he would more likely pick himself up, wipe the water out of his eves and the sand out of his mouth, and go on playing. Tots as they were, they pulled together and stood their ground in childish battles with doubled fists and uplifted voices, which usually prevailed against the other mother-tots. The quadroon nurse was looked upon as a huge encumbrance, only good to button up waists and panties and to brush and part hair; since it seemed to be a law of society that hair must be parted and brushed.
In short, Mrs. Pontellier was not a mother-woman. The motherwomen seemed to prevail that summer at Grand Isle. It was easy to know them, fluttering about with extended, protecting wings when any harm, real or imaginary, threatened their precious brood. They were women who idolized their children, worshiped their husbands, and esteemed it a holy privilege to efface themselves as individuals and grow wings as ministering angels.
Many of them were delicious in the role; one of them was the embodiment of every womanly grace and charm. If her husband did not adore her, he was a brute, deserving of death by slow torture. Her name was Adele Ratignolle. There are no words to describe her save the old ones that have served so often to picture the bygone heroine of romance and the fair lady of our dreams. There was nothing subtle or hidden about her charms; her beauty was all there, flaming and apparent: the spun-gold hair that comb nor confining pin could restrain; the blue eyes that were like nothing but sapphires; two lips that pouted, that were so red one could only think of cherries or some other delicious crimson fruit in looking at them. She was growing a little stout, but it did not seem to detract an iota from the grace of every step, pose, gesture. One would not have wanted her white neck a mite less full or her beautiful arms more slender. Never were hands more exquisite than hers, and it was a joy to look at them when she threaded her needle or adjusted her gold thimble to her taper middle finger as she sewed away on the little night-drawers or fashioned a bodice or a bib.
Madame Ratignolle was very fond of Mrs. Pontellier, and often she took her sewing and went over to sit with her in the afternoons. She was sitting there the afternoon of the day the box arrived from New Orleans. She had possession of the rocker, and she was busily engaged in sewing upon a diminutive pair of night-drawers.
She had brought the pattern of the drawers for Mrs. Pontellier to cut out - a marvel of construction, fashioned to enclose a baby's body so effectually that only two small eyes might look out from the garment, like an Eskimo's. They were designed for winter wear, when treacherous drafts came down chimneys and insidious currents of deadly cold found their way through key-holes.
Mrs. Pontellier's mind was quite at rest concerning the present material needs of her children, and she could not see the use of anticipating and making winter night garments the subject of her summer meditations. But she did not want to appear unamiable and uninterested, so she had brought forth newspapers, which she spread upon the floor of the gallery, and under Madame Ratignolle's directions she had cut a pattern of the impervious garment.
Robert was there, seated as he had been the Sunday before, and Mrs. Pontellier also occupied her former position on the upper step, leaning listlessly against the post. Beside her was a box of bonbons, which she held out at intervals to Madame Ratignolle.
That lady seemed at a loss to make a selection, but finally settled upon a stick of nougat, wondering if it were not too rich; whether it could possibly hurt her. Madame Ratignolle had been married seven years. About every two years she had a baby. At that time she had three babies, and was beginning to think of a fourth one. She was always talking about her "condition." Her "condition" was in no way apparent, and no one would have known a thing about it but for her persistence in making it the subject of conversation.
Robert started to reassure her, asserting that he had known a lady who had subsisted upon nougat during the entire - but seeing the color mount into Mrs. Pontellier's face he checked himself and changed the subject.
Mrs. Pontellier, though she had married a Creole, was not thoroughly at home in the society of Creoles; never before had she been thrown so intimately among them. There were only Creoles that summer at Lebrun's. They all knew each other, and felt like one large family, among whom existed the most amicable relations. A characteristic which distinguished them and which impressed Mrs. Pontellier most forcibly was their entire absence of prudery. Their freedom of expression was at first incomprehensible to her, though she had no difficulty in reconciling it with a lofty chastity which in the Creole woman seems to be inborn and unmistakable.
Never would Edna Pontellier forget the shock with which she heard Madame Ratignolle relating to old Monsieur Farival the harrowing story of one of her accouchements, withholding no intimate detail. She was growing accustomed to like shocks, but she could not keep the mounting color back from her cheeks. Oftener than once her coming had interrupted the droll story with which Robert was entertaining some amused group of married women.
A book had gone the rounds of the pension. When it came her turn to read it, she did so with profound astonishment. She felt moved to read the book in secret and solitude, though none of the others had done so, - to hide it from view at the sound of approaching footsteps. It was openly criticised and freely discussed at table. Mrs. Pontellier gave over being astonished, and concluded that wonders would never cease.
They formed a congenial group sitting there that summer afternoon - Madame Ratignolle sewing away, often stopping to relate a story or incident with much expressive gesture of her perfect hands; Robert and Mrs. Pontellier sitting idle, exchanging occasional words, glances or smiles which indicated a certain advanced stage of intimacy and camaraderie.
He had lived in her shadow during the past month. No one thought anything of it. Many had predicted that Robert would devote himself to Mrs. Pontellier when he arrived. Since the age of fifteen, which was eleven years before, Robert each summer at Grand Isle had constituted himself the devoted attendant of some fair dame or damsel. Sometimes it was a young girl, again a widow; but as often as not it was some interesting married woman.
For two consecutive seasons he lived in the sunlight of Mademoiselle Duvigne's presence. But she died between summers; then Robert posed as an inconsolable, prostrating himself at the feet of Madame Ratignolle for whatever crumbs of sympathy and comfort she might be pleased to vouchsafe.
Mrs. Pontellier liked to sit and gaze at her fair companion as she might look upon a faultless Madonna.
"Could any one fathom the cruelty beneath that fair exterior?" murmured Robert. "She knew that I adored her once, and she let me adore her. It was `Robert, come; go; stand up; sit down; do this; do that; see if the baby sleeps; my thimble, please, that I left God knows where. Come and read Daudet to me while I sew.'"
"You mean like an adoring dog. And just as soon as Ratignolle appeared on the scene, then it WAS like a dog. `Passez! Adieu! Allez vous-en!'"
"Perhaps I feared to make Alphonse jealous," she interjoined, with excessive naivete. That made them all laugh. The right hand jealous of the left! The heart jealous of the soul! But for that matter, the Creole husband is never jealous; with him the gangrene passion is one which has become dwarfed by disuse.
Meanwhile Robert, addressing Mrs Pontellier, continued to tell of his one time hopeless passion for Madame Ratignolle; of sleepless nights, of consuming flames till the very sea sizzled when he took his daily plunge. While the lady at the needle kept up a little running, contemptuous comment:
He never assumed this seriocomic tone when alone with Mrs. Pontellier. She never knew precisely what to make of it; at that moment it was impossible for her to guess how much of it was jest and what proportion was earnest. It was understood that he had often spoken words of love to Madame Ratignolle, without any thought of being taken seriously. Mrs. Pontellier was glad he had not assumed a similar role toward herself. It would have been unacceptable and annoying.
Mrs. Pontellier had brought her sketching materials, which she sometimes dabbled with in an unprofessional way. She liked the dabbling. She felt in it satisfaction of a kind which no other employment afforded her.
She had long wished to try herself on Madame Ratignolle. Never had that lady seemed a more tempting subject than at that moment, seated there like some sensuous Madonna, with the gleam of the fading day enriching her splendid color.
Robert crossed over and seated himself upon the step below Mrs. Pontellier, that he might watch her work. She handled her brushes with a certain ease and freedom which came, not from long and close acquaintance with them, but from a natural aptitude. Robert followed her work with close attention, giving forth little ejaculatory expressions of appreciation in French, which he addressed to Madame Ratignolle.
During his oblivious attention he once quietly rested his head against Mrs. Pontellier's arm. As gently she repulsed him. Once again he repeated the offense. She could not but believe it to be thoughtlessness on his part; yet that was no reason she should submit to it. She did not remonstrate, except again to repulse him quietly but firmly. He offered no apology. The picture completed bore no resemblance to Madame Ratignolle. She was greatly disappointed to find that it did not look like her. But it was a fair enough piece of work, and in many respects satisfying.
Mrs. Pontellier evidently did not think so. After surveying the sketch critically she drew a broad smudge of paint across its surface, and crumpled the paper between her hands.
The youngsters came tumbling up the steps, the quadroon following at the respectful distance which they required her to observe. Mrs. Pontellier made them carry her paints and things into the house. She sought to detain them for a little talk and some pleasantry. But they were greatly in earnest. They had only come to investigate the contents of the bonbon box. They accepted without murmuring what she chose to give them, each holding out two chubby hands scoop-like, in the vain hope that they might be filled; and then away they went.
The sun was low in the west, and the breeze soft and languorous that came up from the south, charged with the seductive odor of the sea. Children freshly befurbelowed, were gathering for their games under the oaks. Their voices were high and penetrating.
Madame Ratignolle folded her sewing, placing thimble, scissors, and thread all neatly together in the roll, which she pinned securely. She complained of faintness. Mrs. Pontellier flew for the cologne water and a fan. She bathed Madame Ratignolle's face with cologne, while Robert plied the fan with unnecessary vigor.
The spell was soon over, and Mrs. Pontellier could not help wondering if there were not a little imagination responsible for its origin, for the rose tint had never faded from her friend's face.
She stood watching the fair woman walk down the long line of galleries with the grace and majesty which queens are sometimes supposed to possess. Her little ones ran to meet her. Two of them clung about her white skirts, the third she took from its nurse and with a thousand endearments bore it along in her own fond, encircling arms. Though, as everybody well knew, the doctor had forbidden her to lift so much as a pin!
"Are you going bathing?" asked Robert of Mrs. Pontellier. It was not so much a question as a reminder.
"Oh, no," she answered, with a tone of indecision. "I'm tired; I think not." Her glance wandered from his face away toward the Gulf, whose sonorous murmur reached her like a loving but imperative entreaty.
"Oh, come!" he insisted. "You mustn't miss your bath. Come on. The water must be delicious; it will not hurt you. Come."
He reached up for her big, rough straw hat that hung on a peg outside the door, and put it on her head. They descended the steps, and walked away together toward the beach. The sun was low in the west and the breeze was soft and warm.
Edna Pontellier could not have told why, wishing to go to the beach with Robert, she should in the first place have declined, and in the second place have followed in obedience to one of the two contradictory impulses which impelled her.
A certain light was beginning to dawn dimly within her, - the light which, showing the way, forbids it.
At that early period it served but to bewilder her. It moved her to dreams, to thoughtfulness, to the shadowy anguish which had overcome her the midnight when she had abandoned herself to tears.
In short, Mrs. Pontellier was beginning to realize her position in the universe as a human being, and to recognize her relations as an individual to the world within and about her. This may seem like a ponderous weight of wisdom to descend upon the soul of a young woman of twenty-eight - perhaps more wisdom than the Holy Ghost is usually pleased to vouchsafe to any woman.
But the beginning of things, of a world especially, is necessarily vague, tangled, chaotic, and exceedingly disturbing. How few of us ever emerge from such beginning! How many souls perish in its tumult!
The voice of the sea is seductive; never ceasing, whispering, clamoring, murmuring, inviting the soul to wander for a spell in abysses of solitude; to lose itself in mazes of inward contemplation.
The voice of the sea speaks to the soul. The touch of the sea is sensuous, enfolding the body in its soft, close embrace.
Mrs. Pontellier was not a woman given to confidences, a characteristic hitherto contrary to her nature. Even as a child she had lived her own small life all within herself. At a very early period she had apprehended instinctively the dual life - that outward existence which conforms, the inward life which questions.
That summer at Grand Isle she began to loosen a little the mantle of reserve that had always enveloped her. There may have been - there must have been - influences, both subtle and apparent, working in their several ways to induce her to do this; but the most obvious was the influence of Adele Ratignolle. The excessive physical charm of the Creole had first attracted her, for Edna had a sensuous susceptibility to beauty. Then the candor of the woman's whole existence, which every one might read, and which formed so striking a contrast to her own habitual reserve - this might have furnished a link. Who can tell what metals the gods use in forging the subtle bond which we call sympathy, which we might as well call love.
The two women went away one morning to the beach together, arm in arm, under the huge white sunshade. Edna had prevailed upon Madame Ratignolle to leave the children behind, though she could not induce her to relinquish a diminutive roll of needlework, which Adele begged to be allowed to slip into the depths of her pocket. In some unaccountable way they had escaped from Robert.
The walk to the beach was no inconsiderable one, consisting as it did of a long, sandy path, upon which a sporadic and tangled growth that bordered it on either side made frequent and unexpected inroads. There were acres of yellow camomile reaching out on either hand. Further away still, vegetable gardens abounded, with frequent small plantations of orange or lemon trees intervening. The dark green clusters glistened from afar in the sun.
The women were both of goodly height, Madame Ratignolle possessing the more feminine and matronly figure. The charm of Edna Pontellier's physique stole insensibly upon you. The lines of her body were long, clean and symmetrical; it was a body which occasionally fell into splendid poses; there was no suggestion of the trim, stereotyped fashion-plate about it. A casual and indiscriminating observer, in passing, might not cast a second glance upon the figure. But with more feeling and discernment he would have recognized the noble beauty of its modeling, and the graceful severity of poise and movement, which made Edna Pontellier different from the crowd.
She wore a cool muslin that morning - white, with a waving vertical line of brown running through it; also a white linen collar and the big straw hat which she had taken from the peg outside the door. The hat rested any way on her yellow-brown hair, that waved a little, was heavy, and clung close to her head.
Madame Ratignolle, more careful of her complexion, had twined a gauze veil about her head. She wore dogskin gloves, with gauntlets that protected her wrists. She was dressed in pure white, with a fluffiness of ruffles that became her. The draperies and fluttering things which she wore suited her rich, luxuriant beauty as a greater severity of line could not have done.
There were a number of bath-houses along the beach, of rough but solid construction, built with small, protecting galleries facing the water. Each house consisted of two compartments, and each family at Lebrun's possessed a compartment for itself, fitted out with all the essential paraphernalia of the bath and whatever other conveniences the owners might desire. The two women had no intention of bathing; they had just strolled down to the beach for a walk and to be alone and near the water. The Pontellier and Ratignolle compartments adjoined one another under the same roof.
Mrs. Pontellier had brought down her key through force of habit. Unlocking the door of her bath-room she went inside, and soon emerged, bringing a rug, which she spread upon the floor of the gallery, and two huge hair pillows covered with crash, which she placed against the front of the building.
The two seated themselves there in the shade of the porch, side by side, with their backs against the pillows and their feet extended. Madame Ratignolle removed her veil, wiped her face with a rather delicate handkerchief, and fanned herself with the fan which she always carried suspended somewhere about her person by a long, narrow ribbon. Edna removed her collar and opened her dress at the throat. She took the fan from Madame Ratignolle and began to fan both herself and her companion. It was very warm, and for a while they did nothing but exchange remarks about the heat, the sun, the glare. But there was a breeze blowing, a choppy, stiff wind that whipped the water into froth. It fluttered the skirts of the two women and kept them for a while engaged in adjusting, readjusting, tucking in, securing hair-pins and hat-pins. A few persons were sporting some distance away in the water. The beach was very still of human sound at that hour. The lady in black was reading her morning devotions on the porch of a neighboring bathhouse. Two young lovers were exchanging their hearts' yearnings beneath the children's tent, which they had found unoccupied.
Edna Pontellier, casting her eyes about, had finally kept them at rest upon the sea. The day was clear and carried the gaze out as far as the blue sky went; there were a few white clouds suspended idly over the horizon. A lateen sail was visible in the direction of Cat Island, and others to the south seemed almost motionless in the far distance.
"Of whom - of what are you thinking?" asked Adele of her companion, whose countenance she had been watching with a little amused attention, arrested by the absorbed expression which seemed to have seized and fixed every feature into a statuesque repose.
"Nothing," returned Mrs. Pontellier, with a start, adding at once: "How stupid! But it seems to me it is the reply we make instinctively to such a question. Let me see," she went on, throwing back her head and narrowing her fine eyes till they shone like two vivid points of light. "Let me see. I was really not conscious of thinking of anything; but perhaps I can retrace my thoughts."
"Oh! never mind!" laughed Madame Ratignolle. "I am not quite so exacting. I will let you off this time. It is really too hot to think, especially to think about thinking."
"But for the fun of it," persisted Edna. "First of all, the sight of the water stretching so far away, those motionless sails against the blue sky, made a delicious picture that I just wanted to sit and look at. The hot wind beating in my face made me think - without any connection that I can trace of a summer day in Kentucky, of a meadow that seemed as big as the ocean to the very little girl walking through the grass, which was higher than her waist. She threw out her arms as if swimming when she walked, beating the tall grass as one strikes out in the water. Oh, I see the connection now!"
"I don't remember now. I was just walking diagonally across a big field. My sun-bonnet obstructed the view. I could see only the stretch of green before me, and I felt as if I must walk on forever, without coming to the end of it. I don't remember whether I was frightened or pleased. I must have been entertained.
"Likely as not it was Sunday," she laughed; "and I was running away from prayers, from the Presbyterian service, read in a spirit of gloom by my father that chills me yet to think of."
"And have you been running away from prayers ever since, ma chere?" asked Madame Ratignolle, amused.
"No! oh, no!" Edna hastened to say. "I was a little unthinking child in those days, just following a misleading impulse without question. On the contrary, during one period of my life religion took a firm hold upon me; after I was twelve and until-until - why, I suppose until now, though I never thought much about it - just driven along by habit. But do you know," she broke off, turning her quick eyes upon Madame Ratignolle and leaning forward a little so as to bring her face quite close to that of her companion, "sometimes I feel this summer as if I were walking through the green meadow again; idly, aimlessly, unthinking and unguided."
Madame Ratignolle laid her hand over that of Mrs. Pontellier, which was near her. Seeing that the hand was not withdrawn, she clasped it firmly and warmly. She even stroked it a little, fondly, with the other hand, murmuring in an undertone, "Pauvre cherie."
The action was at first a little confusing to Edna, but she soon lent herself readily to the Creole's gentle caress. She was not accustomed to an outward and spoken expression of affection, either in herself or in others. She and her younger sister, Janet, had quarreled a good deal through force of unfortunate habit. Her older sister, Margaret, was matronly and dignified, probably from having assumed matronly and housewifely responsibilities too early in life, their mother having died when they were quite young, Margaret was not effusive; she was practical. Edna had had an occasional girl friend, but whether accidentally or not, they seemed to have been all of one type - the self-contained. She never realized that the reserve of her own character had much, perhaps everything, to do with this. Her most intimate friend at school had been one of rather exceptional intellectual gifts, who wrote fine-sounding essays, which Edna admired and strove to imitate; and with her she talked and glowed over the English classics, and sometimes held religious and political controversies.
Edna often wondered at one propensity which sometimes had inwardly disturbed her without causing any outward show or manifestation on her part. At a very early age - perhaps it was when she traversed the ocean of waving grass - she remembered that she had been passionately enamored of a dignified and sad-eyed cavalry officer who visited her father in Kentucky. She could not leave his presence when he was there, nor remove her eyes from his face, which was something like Napoleon's, with a lock of black hair failing across the forehead. But the cavalry officer melted imperceptibly out of her existence.
At another time her affections were deeply engaged by a young gentleman who visited a lady on a neighboring plantation. It was after they went to Mississippi to live. The young man was engaged to be married to the young lady, and they sometimes called upon Margaret, driving over of afternoons in a buggy. Edna was a little miss, just merging into her teens; and the realization that she herself was nothing, nothing, nothing to the engaged young man was a bitter affliction to her. But he, too, went the way of dreams.
She was a grown young woman when she was overtaken by what she supposed to be the climax of her fate. It was when the face and figure of a great tragedian began to haunt her imagination and stir her senses. The persistence of the infatuation lent it an aspect of genuineness. The hopelessness of it colored it with the lofty tones of a great passion.
The picture of the tragedian stood enframed upon her desk. Any one may possess the portrait of a tragedian without exciting suspicion or comment. (This was a sinister reflection which she cherished.) In the presence of others she expressed admiration for his exalted gifts, as she handed the photograph around and dwelt upon the fidelity of the likeness. When alone she sometimes picked it up and kissed the cold glass passionately.
Her marriage to Leonce Pontellier was purely an accident, in this respect resembling many other marriages which masquerade as the decrees of Fate. It was in the midst of her secret great passion that she met him. He fell in love, as men are in the habit of doing, and pressed his suit with an earnestness and an ardor which left nothing to be desired. He pleased her; his absolute devotion flattered her. She fancied there was a sympathy of thought and taste between them, in which fancy she was mistaken. Add to this the violent opposition of her father and her sister Margaret to her marriage with a Catholic, and we need seek no further for the motives which led her to accept Monsieur Pontellier. for her husband.
The acme of bliss, which would have been a marriage with the tragedian, was not for her in this world. As the devoted wife of a man who worshiped her, she felt she would take her place with a certain dignity in the world of reality, closing the portals forever behind her upon the realm of romance and dreams.
But it was not long before the tragedian had gone to join the cavalry officer and the engaged young man and a few others; and Edna found herself face to face with the realities. She grew fond of her husband, realizing with some unaccountable satisfaction that no trace of passion or excessive and fictitious warmth colored her affection, thereby threatening its dissolution.
She was fond of her children in an uneven, impulsive way. She would sometimes gather them passionately to her heart; she would sometimes forget them. The year before they had spent part of the summer with their grandmother Pontellier in Iberville. Feeling secure regarding their happiness and welfare, she did not miss them except with an occasional intense longing. Their absence was a sort of relief, though she did not admit this, even to herself. It seemed to free her of a responsibility which she had blindly assumed and for which Fate had not fitted her.
Edna did not reveal so much as all this to Madame Ratignolle that summer day when they sat with faces turned to the sea. But a good part of it escaped her. She had put her head down on Madame Ratignolle's shoulder. She was flushed and felt intoxicated with the sound of her own voice and the unaccustomed taste of candor. It muddled her like wine, or like a first breath of freedom.
There was the sound of approaching voices. It was Robert, surrounded by a troop of children, searching for them. The two little Pontelliers were with him, and he carried Madame Ratignolle's little girl in his arms. There were other children beside, and two nurse-maids followed, looking disagreeable and resigned.
The women at once rose and began to shake out their draperies and relax their muscles. Mrs. Pontellier threw the cushions and rug into the bath-house. The children all scampered off to the awning, and they stood there in a line, gazing upon the intruding lovers, still exchanging their vows and sighs. The lovers got up, with only a silent protest, and walked slowly away somewhere else.
Madame Ratignolle begged Robert to accompany her to the house; she complained of cramp in her limbs and stiffness of the joints. She leaned draggingly upon his arm as they walked.
"Do me a favor, Robert," spoke the pretty woman at his side, almost as soon as she and Robert had started their slow, homeward way. She looked up in his face, leaning on his arm beneath the encircling shadow of the umbrella which he had lifted.
"Granted; as many as you like," he returned, glancing down into her eyes that were full of thoughtfulness and some speculation.
"She is not one of us; she is not like us. She might make the unfortunate blunder of taking you seriously."
His face flushed with annoyance, and taking off his soft hat he began to beat it impatiently against his leg as he walked. "Why shouldn't she take me seriously?" he demanded sharply. "Am I a comedian, a clown, a jack-in-the-box? Why shouldn't she? You Creoles! I have no patience with you! Am I always to be regarded as a feature of an amusing programme? I hope Mrs. Pontellier does take me seriously. I hope she has discernment enough to find in me something besides the blagueur. If I thought there was any doubt - "
"Oh, enough, Robert!" she broke into his heated outburst. "You are not thinking of what you are saying. You speak with about as little reflection as we might expect from one of those children down there playing in the sand. If your attentions to any married women here were ever offered with any intention of being convincing, you would not be the gentleman we all know you to be, and you would be unfit to associate with the wives and daughters of the people who trust you."
Madame Ratignolle had spoken what she believed to be the law and the gospel. The young man shrugged his shoulders impatiently.
"Oh! well! That isn't it," slamming his hat down vehemently upon his head. "You ought to feel that such things are not flattering to say to a fellow."
"It isn't pleasant to have a woman tell you - " he went on, unheedingly, but breaking off suddenly: "Now if I were like Arobin-you remember Alcee Arobin and that story of the consul's wife at Biloxi?" And he related the story of Alcee Arobin and the consul's wife; and another about the tenor of the French Opera, who received letters which should never have been written; and still other stories, grave and gay, till Mrs. Pontellier and her possible propensity for taking young men seriously was apparently forgotten.
Madame Ratignolle, when they had regained her cottage, went in to take the hour's rest which she considered helpful. Before leaving her, Robert begged her pardon for the impatience - he called it rudeness - with which he had received her well-meant caution.
"You made one mistake, Adele," he said, with a light smile; "there is no earthly possibility of Mrs. Pontellier ever taking me seriously. You should have warned me against taking myself seriously. Your advice might then have carried some weight and given me subject for some reflection. Au revoir. But you look tired," he added, solicitously. "Would you like a cup of bouillon? Shall I stir you a toddy? Let me mix you a toddy with a drop of Angostura."
She acceded to the suggestion of bouillon, which was grateful and acceptable. He went himself to the kitchen, which was a building apart from the cottages and lying to the rear of the house. And he himself brought her the golden-brown bouillon, in a dainty Sevres cup, with a flaky cracker or two on the saucer.
She thrust a bare, white arm from the curtain which shielded her open door, and received the cup from his hands. She told him he was a bon garcon, and she meant it. Robert thanked her and turned away toward "the house."
The lovers were just entering the grounds of the pension. They were leaning toward each other as the wateroaks bent from the sea. There was not a particle of earth beneath their feet. Their heads might have been turned upside-down, so absolutely did they tread upon blue ether. The lady in black, creeping behind them, looked a trifle paler and more jaded than usual. There was no sign of Mrs. Pontellier and the children. Robert scanned the distance for any such apparition. They would doubtless remain away till the dinner hour. The young man ascended to his mother's room. It was situated at the top of the house, made up of odd angles and a queer, sloping ceiling. Two broad dormer windows looked out toward the Gulf, and as far across it as a man's eye might reach. The furnishings of the room were light, cool, and practical.
Madame Lebrun was busily engaged at the sewing-machine. A little black girl sat on the floor, and with her hands worked the treadle of the machine. The Creole woman does not take any chances which may be avoided of imperiling her health.
Robert went over and seated himself on the broad sill of one of the dormer windows. He took a book from his pocket and began energetically to read it, judging by the precision and frequency with which he turned the leaves. The sewing-machine made a resounding clatter in the room; it was of a ponderous, by-gone make. In the lulls, Robert and his mother exchanged bits of desultory conversation.
"I promised to lend her the Goncourt. Don't forget to take it down when you go; it's there on the bookshelf over the small table." Clatter, clatter, clatter, bang! for the next five or eight minutes.
Madame Lebrun flew to the window. She called "Victor!" She waved a handkerchief and called again. The young fellow below got into the vehicle and started the horse off at a gallop.
Madame Lebrun went back to the machine, crimson with annoyance. Victor was the younger son and brother - a tete montee, with a temper which invited violence and a will which no ax could break.
"Whenever you say the word I'm ready to thrash any amount of reason into him that he's able to hold."
"If your father had only lived!" Clatter, clatter, clatter, clatter, bang! It was a fixed belief with Madame Lebrun that the conduct of the universe and all things pertaining thereto would have been manifestly of a more intelligent and higher order had not Monsieur Lebrun been removed to other spheres during the early years of their married life.
"What do you hear from Montel?" Montel was a middleaged gentleman whose vain ambition and desire for the past twenty years had been to fill the void which Monsieur Lebrun's taking off had left in the Lebrun household. Clatter, clatter, bang, clatter!
"I have a letter somewhere," looking in the machine drawer and finding the letter in the bottom of the workbasket. "He says to tell you he will be in Vera Cruz the beginning of next month," - clatter, clatter! - "and if you still have the intention of joining him" - bang! clatter, clatter, bang!
"Do you see Mrs. Pontellier starting back with the children? She will be in late to luncheon again. She never starts to get ready for luncheon till the last minute." Clatter, clatter! "Where are you going?"
Every light in the hall was ablaze; every lamp turned as high as it could be without smoking the chimney or threatening explosion. The lamps were fixed at intervals against the wall, encircling the whole room. Some one had gathered orange and lemon branches, and with these fashioned graceful festoons between. The dark green of the branches stood out and glistened against the white muslin curtains which draped the windows, and which puffed, floated, and flapped at the capricious will of a stiff breeze that swept up from the Gulf.
It was Saturday night a few weeks after the intimate conversation held between Robert and Madame Ratignolle on their way from the beach. An unusual number of husbands, fathers, and friends had come down to stay over Sunday; and they were being suitably entertained by their families, with the material help of Madame Lebrun. The dining tables had all been removed to one end of the hall, and the chairs ranged about in rows and in clusters. Each little family group had had its say and exchanged its domestic gossip earlier in the evening. There was now an apparent disposition to relax; to widen the circle of confidences and give a more general tone to the conversation.
Many of the children had been permitted to sit up beyond their usual bedtime. A small band of them were lying on their stomachs on the floor looking at the colored sheets of the comic papers which Mr. Pontellier had brought down. The little Pontellier boys were permitting them to do so, and making their authority felt.
Music, dancing, and a recitation or two were the entertainments furnished, or rather, offered. But there was nothing systematic about the programme, no appearance of prearrangement nor even premeditation.
At an early hour in the evening the Farival twins were prevailed upon to play the piano. They were girls of fourteen, always clad in the Virgin's colors, blue and white, having been dedicated to the Blessed Virgin at their baptism. They played a duet from "Zampa," and at the earnest solicitation of every one present followed it with the overture to "The Poet and the Peasant."
"Allez vous-en! Sapristi!" shrieked the parrot outside the door. He was the only being present who possessed sufficient candor to admit that he was not listening to these gracious performances for the first time that summer. Old Monsieur Farival, grandfather of the twins, grew indignant over the interruption, and insisted upon having the bird removed and consigned to regions of darkness. Victor Lebrun objected; and his decrees were as immutable as those of Fate. The parrot fortunately offered no further interruption to the entertainment, the whole venom of his nature apparently having been cherished up and hurled against the twins in that one impetuous outburst.
Later a young brother and sister gave recitations, which every one present had heard many times at winter evening entertainments in the city.
A little girl performed a skirt dance in the center of the floor. The mother played her accompaniments and at the same time watched her daughter with greedy admiration and nervous apprehension. She need have had no apprehension. The child was mistress of the situation. She had been properly dressed for the occasion in black tulle and black silk tights. Her little neck and arms were bare, and her hair, artificially crimped, stood out like fluffy black plumes over her head. Her poses were full of grace, and her little black-shod toes twinkled as they shot out and upward with a rapidity and suddenness which were bewildering.
But there was no reason why every one should not dance. Madame Ratignolle could not, so it was she who gaily consented to play for the others. She played very well, keeping excellent waltz time and infusing an expression into the strains which was indeed inspiring. She was keeping up her music on account of the children, she said; because she and her husband both considered it a means of brightening the home and making it attractive.
Almost every one danced but the twins, who could not be induced to separate during the brief period when one or the other should be whirling around the room in the arms of a man. They might have danced together, but they did not think of it.
The children were sent to bed. Some went submissively; others with shrieks and protests as they were dragged away. They had been permitted to sit up till after the ice-cream, which naturally marked the limit of human indulgence.
The ice-cream was passed around with cake - gold and silver cake arranged on platters in alternate slices; it had been made and frozen during the afternoon back of the kitchen by two black women, under the supervision of Victor. It was pronounced a great success - excellent if it had only contained a little less vanilla or a little more sugar, if it had been frozen a degree harder, and if the salt might have been kept out of portions of it. Victor was proud of his achievement, and went about recommending it and urging every one to partake of it to excess.
After Mrs. Pontellier had danced twice with her husband, once with Robert, and once with Monsieur Ratignolle, who was thin and tall and swayed like a reed in the wind when he danced, she went out on the gallery and seated herself on the low window-sill, where she commanded a view of all that went on in the hall and could look out toward the Gulf. There was a soft effulgence in the east. The moon was coming up, and its mystic shimmer was casting a million lights across the distant, restless water.
"Would you like to hear Mademoiselle Reisz play?" asked Robert, coming out on the porch where she was. Of course Edna would like to hear Mademoiselle Reisz play; but she feared it would be useless to entreat her.
"I'll ask her," he said. "I'll tell her that you want to hear her. She likes you. She will come." He turned and hurried away to one of the far cottages, where Mademoiselle Reisz was shuffling away. She was dragging a chair in and out of her room, and at intervals objecting to the crying of a baby, which a nurse in the adjoining cottage was endeavoring to put to sleep. She was a disagreeable little woman, no longer young, who had quarreled with almost every one, owing to a temper which was self-assertive and a disposition to trample upon the rights of others. Robert prevailed upon her without any too great difficulty.
She entered the hall with him during a lull in the dance. She made an awkward, imperious little bow as she went in. She was a homely woman, with a small weazened face and body and eyes that glowed. She had absolutely no taste in dress, and wore a batch of rusty black lace with a bunch of artificial violets pinned to the side of her hair.
"Ask Mrs. Pontellier what she would like to hear me play," she requested of Robert. She sat perfectly still before the piano, not touching the keys, while Robert carried her message to Edna at the window. A general air of surprise and genuine satisfaction fell upon every one as they saw the pianist enter. There was a settling down, and a prevailing air of expectancy everywhere. Edna was a trifle embarrassed at being thus signaled out for the imperious little woman's favor. She would not dare to choose, and begged that Mademoiselle Reisz would please herself in her selections.
Edna was what she herself called very fond of music. Musical strains, well rendered, had a way of evoking pictures in her mind. She sometimes liked to sit in the room of mornings when Madame Ratignolle played or practiced. One piece which that lady played Edna had entitled "Solitude." It was a short, plaintive, minor strain. The name of the piece was something else, but she called it "Solitude." When she heard it there came before her imagination the figure of a man standing beside a desolate rock on the seashore. He was naked. His attitude was one of hopeless resignation as he looked toward a distant bird winging its flight away from him.
Another piece called to her mind a dainty young woman clad in an Empire gown, taking mincing dancing steps as she came down a long avenue between tall hedges. Again, another reminded her of children at play, and still another of nothing on earth but a demure lady stroking a cat.
The very first chords which Mademoiselle Reisz struck upon the piano sent a keen tremor down Mrs. Pontellier's spinal column. It was not the first time she had heard an artist at the piano. Perhaps it was the first time she was ready, perhaps the first time her being was tempered to take an impress of the abiding truth.
She waited for the material pictures which she thought would gather and blaze before her imagination. She waited in vain. She saw no pictures of solitude, of hope, of longing, or of despair. But the very passions themselves were aroused within her soul, swaying it, lashing it, as the waves daily beat upon her splendid body. She trembled, she was choking, and the tears blinded her.
Mademoiselle had finished. She arose, and bowing her stiff, lofty bow, she went away, stopping for neither, thanks nor applause. As she passed along the gallery she patted Edna upon the shoulder.
"Well, how did you like my music?" she asked. The young woman was unable to answer; she pressed the hand of the pianist convulsively. Mademoiselle Reisz perceived her agitation and even her tears. She patted her again upon the shoulder as she said:
"You are the only one worth playing for. Those others? Bah!" and she went shuffling and sidling on down the gallery toward her room.
But she was mistaken about "those others." Her playing had aroused a fever of enthusiasm. "What passion!" "What an artist!" "I have always said no one could play Chopin like Mademoiselle Reisz!" "That last prelude! Bon Dieu! It shakes a man!"
It was growing late, and there was a general disposition to disband. But some one, perhaps it was Robert, thought of a bath at that mystic hour and under that mystic moon.
At all events Robert proposed it, and there was not a dissenting voice. There was not one but was ready to follow when he led the way. He did not lead the way, however, he directed the way; and he himself loitered behind with the lovers, who had betrayed a disposition to linger and hold themselves apart. He walked between them, whether with malicious or mischievous intent was not wholly clear, even to himself.
The Pontelliers and Ratignolles walked ahead; the women leaning upon the arms of their husbands. Edna could hear Robert's voice behind them, and could sometimes hear what he said. She wondered why he did not join them. It was unlike him not to. Of late he had sometimes held away from her for an entire day, redoubling his devotion upon the next and the next, as though to make up for hours that had been lost. She missed him the days when some pretext served to take him away from her, just as one misses the sun on a cloudy day without having thought much about the sun when it was shining.
The people walked in little groups toward the beach. They talked and laughed; some of them sang. There was a band playing down at Klein's hotel, and the strains reached them faintly, tempered by the distance. There were strange, rare odors abroad - a tangle of the sea smell and of weeds and damp, new-plowed earth, mingled with the heavy perfume of a field of white blossoms somewhere near. But the night sat lightly upon the sea and the land. There was no weight of darkness; there were no shadows. The white light of the moon had fallen upon the world like the mystery and the softness of sleep.
Most of them walked into the water as though into a native element. The sea was quiet now, and swelled lazily in broad billows that melted into one another and did not break except upon the beach in little foamy crests that coiled back like slow, white serpents.
Edna had attempted all summer to learn to swim. She had received instructions from both the men and women; in some instances from the children. Robert had pursued a system of lessons almost daily; and he was nearly at the point of discouragement in realizing the futility of his efforts. A certain ungovernable dread hung about her when in the water, unless there was a hand near by that might reach out and reassure her.
But that night she was like the little tottering, stumbling, clutching child, who of a sudden realizes its powers, and walks for the first time alone, boldly and with over-confidence. She could have shouted for joy. She did shout for joy, as with a sweeping stroke or two she lifted her body to the surface of the water.
A feeling of exultation overtook her, as if some power of significant import had been given her to control the working of her body and her soul. She grew daring and reckless, overestimating her strength. She wanted to swim far out, where no woman had swum before.
Her unlooked-for achievement was the subject of wonder, applause, and admiration. Each one congratulated himself that his special teachings had accomplished this desired end.
"How easy it is!" she thought. "It is nothing," she said aloud; "why did I not discover before that it was nothing. Think of the time I have lost splashing about like a baby!" She would not join the groups in their sports and bouts, but intoxicated with her newly conquered power, she swam out alone.
She turned her face seaward to gather in an impression of space and solitude, which the vast expanse of water, meeting and melting with the moonlit sky, conveyed to her excited fancy. As she swam she seemed to be reaching out for the unlimited in which to lose herself.
Once she turned and looked toward the shore, toward the people she had left there. She had not gone any great distance that is, what would have been a great distance for an experienced swimmer. But to her unaccustomed vision the stretch of water behind her assumed the aspect of a barrier which her unaided strength would never be able to overcome.
A quick vision of death smote her soul, and for a second of time appalled and enfeebled her senses. But by an effort she rallied her staggering faculties and managed to regain the land.
She made no mention of her encounter with death and her flash of terror, except to say to her husband, "I thought I should have perished out there alone."
Edna went at once to the bath-house, and she had put on her dry clothes and was ready to return home before the others had left the water. She started to walk away alone. They all called to her and shouted to her. She waved a dissenting hand, and went on, paying no further heed to their renewed cries which sought to detain her.
"Sometimes I am tempted to think that Mrs. Pontellier is capricious," said Madame Lebrun, who was amusing herself immensely and feared that Edna's abrupt departure might put an end to the pleasure.
Edna had not traversed a quarter of the distance on her way home before she was overtaken by Robert.
"You don't know anything about it. Why should you know? I never was so exhausted in my life. But it isn't unpleasant. A thousand emotions have swept through me to-night. I don't comprehend half of them. Don't mind what I'm saying; I am just thinking aloud. I wonder if I shall ever be stirred again as Mademoiselle Reisz's playing moved me to-night. I wonder if any night on earth will ever again be like this one. It is like a night in a dream. The people about me are like some uncanny, half-human beings. There must be spirits abroad to-night."
"Yes. On the twenty-eighth of August, at the hour of midnight, and if the moon is shining - the moon must be shining - a spirit that has haunted these shores for ages rises up from the Gulf. With its own penetrating vision the spirit seeks some one mortal worthy to hold him company, worthy of being exalted for a few hours into realms of the semi-celestials. His search has always hitherto been fruitless, and he has sunk back, disheartened, into the sea. But to-night he found Mrs. Pontellier. Perhaps he will never wholly release her from the spell. Perhaps she will never again suffer a poor, unworthy earthling to walk in the shadow of her divine presence."
"Don't banter me," she said, wounded at what appeared to be his flippancy. He did not mind the entreaty, but the tone with its delicate note of pathos was like a reproach. He could not explain; he could not tell her that he had penetrated her mood and understood. He said nothing except to offer her his arm, for, by her own admission, she was exhausted. She had been walking alone with her arms hanging limp, letting her white skirts trail along the dewy path. She took his arm, but she did not lean upon it. She let her hand lie listlessly, as though her thoughts were elsewhere - somewhere in advance of her body, and she was striving to overtake them.
Robert assisted her into the hammock which swung from the post before her door out to the trunk of a tree.
"No matter." And having discovered the pillow, she adjusted it beneath her head. She extended herself in the hammock with a deep breath of relief. She was not a supercilious or an over-dainty woman. She was not much given to reclining in the hammock, and when she did so it was with no cat-like suggestion of voluptuous ease, but with a beneficent repose which seemed to invade her whole body.
"Shall I stay with you till Mr. Pontellier comes?" asked Robert, seating himself on the outer edge of one of the steps and taking hold of the hammock rope which was fastened to the post.
"If you wish. Don't swing the hammock. Will you get my white shawl which I left on the window-sill over at the house?"
"Of course I will," he said, rising. He went over to the house, walking along the grass. She watched his figure pass in and out of the strips of moonlight. It was past midnight. It was very quiet.
He seated himself again and rolled a cigarette, which he smoked in silence. Neither did Mrs. Pontellier speak. No multitude of words could have been more significant than those moments of silence, or more pregnant with the first-felt throbbings of desire.
When the voices of the bathers were heard approaching, Robert said good-night. She did not answer him. He thought she was asleep. Again she watched his figure pass in and out of the strips of moonlight as he walked away.
"What are you doing out here, Edna? I thought I should find you in bed," said her husband, when he discovered her lying there. He had walked up with Madame Lebrun and left her at the house. His wife did not reply.
She heard him moving about the room; every sound indicating impatience and irritation. Another time she would have gone in at his request. She would, through habit, have yielded to his desire; not with any sense of submission or obedience to his compelling wishes, but unthinkingly, as we walk, move, sit, stand, go through the daily treadmill of the life which has been portioned out to us.
"Edna, dear, are you not coming in soon?" he asked again, this time fondly, with a note of entreaty.
"This is more than folly," he blurted out. "I can't permit you to stay out there all night. You must come in the house instantly."
With a writhing motion she settled herself more securely in the hammock. She perceived that her will had blazed up, stubborn and resistant. She could not at that moment have done other than denied and resisted. She wondered if her husband had ever spoken to her like that before, and if she had submitted to his command. Of course she had; she remembered that she had. But she could not realize why or how she should have yielded, feeling as she then did.
"Leonce, go to bed, " she said I mean to stay out here. I don't wish to go in, and I don't intend to. Don't speak to me like that again; I shall not answer you."
Mr. Pontellier had prepared for bed, but he slipped on an extra garment. He opened a bottle of wine, of which he kept a small and select supply in a buffet of his own. He drank a glass of the wine and went out on the gallery and offered a glass to his wife. She did not wish any. He drew up the rocker, hoisted his slippered feet on the rail, and proceeded to smoke a cigar. He smoked two cigars; then he went inside and drank another glass of wine. Mrs. Pontellier again declined to accept a glass when it was offered to her. Mr. Pontellier once more seated himself with elevated feet, and after a reasonable interval of time smoked some more cigars.
Edna began to feel like one who awakens gradually out of a dream, a delicious, grotesque, impossible dream, to feel again the realities pressing into her soul. The physical need for sleep began to overtake her; the exuberance which had sustained and exalted her spirit left her helpless and yielding to the conditions which crowded her in.
The stillest hour of the night had come, the hour before dawn, when the world seems to hold its breath. The moon hung low, and had turned from silver to copper in the sleeping sky. The old owl no longer hooted, and the water-oaks had ceased to moan as they bent their heads.
Edna arose, cramped from lying so long and still in the hammock. She tottered up the steps, clutching feebly at the post before passing into the house.
"Yes, dear," he answered, with a glance following a misty puff of smoke. "Just as soon as I have finished my cigar.
She slept but a few hours. They were troubled and feverish hours, disturbed with dreams that were intangible, that eluded her, leaving only an impression upon her half-awakened senses of something unattainable. She was up and dressed in the cool of the early morning. The air was invigorating and steadied somewhat her faculties. However, she was not seeking refreshment or help from any source, either external or from within. She was blindly following whatever impulse moved her, as if she had placed herself in alien hands for direction, and freed her soul of responsibility.
Most of the people at that early hour were still in bed and asleep. A few, who intended to go over to the Cheniere for mass, were moving about. The lovers, who had laid their plans the night before, were already strolling toward the wharf. The lady in black, with her Sunday prayer-book, velvet and gold-clasped, and her Sunday silver beads, was following them at no great distance. Old Monsieur Farival was up, and was more than half inclined to do anything that suggested itself. He put on his big straw hat, and taking his umbrella from the stand in the hall, followed the lady in black, never overtaking her.
The little negro girl who worked Madame Lebrun's sewing-machine was sweeping the galleries with long, absent-minded strokes of the broom. Edna sent her up into the house to awaken Robert.
He had soon joined her. She had never sent for him before. She had never asked for him. She had never seemed to want him before. She did not appear conscious that she had done anything unusual in commanding his presence. He was apparently equally unconscious of anything extraordinary in the situation. But his face was suffused with a quiet glow when he met her.
They went together back to the kitchen to drink coffee. There was no time to wait for any nicety of service. They stood outside the window and the cook passed them their coffee and a roll, which they drank and ate from the window-sill. Edna said it tasted good.
She had not thought of coffee nor of anything. He told her he had often noticed that she lacked forethought.
"Wasn't it enough to think of going to the Cheniere and waking you up?" she laughed. "Do I have to think of everything? - as Leonce says when he's in a bad humor. I don't blame him; he'd never be in a bad humor if it weren't for me."
They took a short cut across the sands. At a distance they could see the curious procession moving toward the wharf - the lovers, shoulder to shoulder, creeping; the lady in black, gaining steadily upon them; old Monsieur Farival, losing ground inch by inch, and a young barefooted Spanish girl, with a red kerchief on her head and a basket on her arm, bringing up the rear.
Robert knew the girl, and he talked to her a little in the boat. No one present understood what they said. Her name was Mariequita. She had a round, sly, piquant face and pretty black eyes. Her hands were small, and she kept them folded over the handle of her basket. Her feet were broad and coarse. She did not strive to hide them. Edna looked at her feet, and noticed the sand and slime between her brown toes.
Beaudelet grumbled because Mariequita was there, taking up so much room. In reality he was annoyed at having old Monsieur Farival, who considered himself the better sailor of the two. But he he would not quarrel with so old a man as Monsieur Farival, so he quarreled with Mariequita. The girl was deprecatory at one moment, appealing to Robert. She was saucy the next, moving her head up and down, making "eyes" at Robert and making "mouths" at Beaudelet.
The lovers were all alone. They saw nothing, they heard nothing. The lady in black was counting her beads for the third time. Old Monsieur Farival talked incessantly of what he knew about handling a boat, and of what Beaudelet did not know on the same subject.
Edna liked it all. She looked Mariequita up and down, from her ugly brown toes to her pretty black eyes, and back again.
"Oh! well! Francisco ran away with Sylvano's wife, who had four children. They took all his money and one of the children and stole his boat."
The sun was high up and beginning to bite. The swift breeze seemed to Edna to bury the sting of it into the pores of her face and hands. Robert held his umbrella over her. As they went cutting sidewise through the water, the sails bellied taut, with the wind filling and overflowing them. Old Monsieur Farival laughed sardonically at something as he looked at the sails, and Beaudelet swore at the old man under his breath.
Sailing across the bay to the Cheniere Caminada, Edna felt as if she were being borne away from some anchorage which had held her fast, whose chains had been loosening - had snapped the night before when the mystic spirit was abroad, leaving her free to drift whithersoever she chose to set her sails. Robert spoke to her incessantly; he no longer noticed Mariequita. The girl had shrimps in her bamboo basket. They were covered with Spanish moss. She beat the moss down impatiently, and muttered to herself sullenly.
"Climb up the hill to the old fort and look at the little wriggling gold snakes, and watch the lizards sun themselves."
She gazed away toward Grande Terre and thought she would like to be alone there with Robert, in the sun, listening to the ocean's roar and watching the slimy lizards writhe in and out among the ruins of the old fort.
"We'll go wherever you like," he said. "I'll have Tonie come over and help me patch and trim my boat. We shall not need Beaudelet nor any one. Are you afraid of the pirogue?"
"Then I'll take you some night in the pirogue when the moon shines. Maybe your Gulf spirit will whisper to you in which of these islands the treasures are hidden - direct you to the very spot, perhaps."
"And in a day we should be rich!" she laughed. "I'd give it all to you, the pirate gold and every bit of treasure we could dig up. I think you would know how to spend it. Pirate gold isn't a thing to be hoarded or utilized. It is something to squander and throw to the four winds, for the fun of seeing the golden specks fly."
They all went together up to the quaint little Gothic church of Our Lady of Lourdes, gleaming all brown and yellow with paint in the sun's glare.
Only Beaudelet remained behind, tinkering at his boat, and Mariequita walked away with her basket of shrimps, casting a look of childish ill humor and reproach at Robert from the corner of her eye.
A feeling of oppression and drowsiness overcame Edna during the service. Her head began to ache, and the lights on the altar swayed before her eyes. Another time she might have made an effort to regain her composure; but her one thought was to quit the stifling atmosphere of the church and reach the open air. She arose, climbing over Robert's feet with a muttered apology. Old Monsieur Farival, flurried, curious, stood up, but upon seeing that Robert had followed Mrs. Pontellier, he sank back into his seat. He whispered an anxious inquiry of the lady in black, who did not notice him or reply, but kept her eyes fastened upon the pages of her velvet prayer-book.
"I felt giddy and almost overcome," Edna said, lifting her hands instinctively to her head and pushing her straw hat up from her forehead. "I couldn't have stayed through the service." They were outside in the shadow of the church. Robert was full of solicitude.
"It was folly to have thought of going in the first place, let alone staying. Come over to Madame Antoine's; you can rest there." He took her arm and led her away, looking anxiously and continuously down into her face.
How still it was, with only the voice of the sea whispering through the reeds that grew in the salt-water pools! The long line of little gray, weather-beaten houses nestled peacefully among the orange trees. It must always have been God's day on that low, drowsy island, Edna thought. They stopped, leaning over a jagged fence made of sea-drift, to ask for water. A youth, a mild-faced Acadian, was drawing water from the cistern, which was nothing more than a rusty buoy, with an opening on one side, sunk in the ground. The water which the youth handed to them in a tin pail was not cold to taste, but it was cool to her heated face, and it greatly revived and refreshed her.
Madame Antoine's cot was at the far end of the village. She welcomed them with all the native hospitality, as she would have opened her door to let the sunlight in. She was fat, and walked heavily and clumsily across the floor. She could speak no English, but when Robert made her understand that the lady who accompanied him was ill and desired to rest, she was all eagerness to make Edna feel at home and to dispose of her comfortably.
The whole place was immaculately clean, and the big, four-posted bed, snow-white, invited one to repose. It stood in a small side room which looked out across a narrow grass plot toward the shed, where there was a disabled boat lying keel upward.
Madame Antoine had not gone to mass. Her son Tonie had, but she supposed he would soon be back, and she invited Robert to be seated and wait for him. But he went and sat outside the door and smoked. Madame Antoine busied herself in the large front room preparing dinner. She was boiling mullets over a few red coals in the huge fireplace.
Edna, left alone in the little side room, loosened her clothes, removing the greater part of them. She bathed her face, her neck and arms in the basin that stood between the windows. She took off her shoes and stockings and stretched herself in the very center of the high, white bed. How luxurious it felt to rest thus in a strange, quaint bed, with its sweet country odor of laurel lingering about the sheets and mattress! She stretched her strong limbs that ached a little. She ran her fingers through her loosened hair for a while. She looked at her round arms as she held them straight up and rubbed them one after the other, observing closely, as if it were something she saw for the first time, the fine, firm quality and texture of her flesh. She clasped her hands easily above her head, and it was thus she fell asleep.
She slept lightly at first, half awake and drowsily attentive to the things about her. She could hear Madame Antoine's heavy, scraping tread as she walked back and forth on the sanded floor. Some chickens were clucking outside the windows, scratching for bits of gravel in the grass. Later she half heard the voices of Robert and Tonie talking under the shed. She did not stir. Even her eyelids rested numb and heavily over her sleepy eyes. The voices went on - Tonie's slow, Acadian drawl, Robert's quick, soft, smooth French. She understood French imperfectly unless directly addressed, and the voices were only part of the other drowsy, muffled sounds lulling her senses.
When Edna awoke it was with the conviction that she had slept long and soundly. The voices were hushed under the shed. Madame Antoine's step was no longer to be heard in the adjoining room. Even the chickens had gone elsewhere to scratch and cluck. The mosquito bar was drawn over her; the old woman had come in while she slept and let down the bar. Edna arose quietly from the bed, and looking between the curtains of the window, she saw by the slanting rays of the sun that the afternoon was far advanced. Robert was out there under the shed, reclining in the shade against the sloping keel of the overturned boat. He was reading from a book. Tonie was no longer with him. She wondered what had become of the rest of the party. She peeped out at him two or three times as she stood washing herself in the little basin between the windows.
Madame Antoine had laid some coarse, clean towels upon a chair, and had placed a box of poudre de riz within easy reach. Edna dabbed the powder upon her nose and cheeks as she looked at herself closely in the little distorted mirror which hung on the wall above the basin. Her eyes were bright and wide awake and her face glowed.
When she had completed her toilet she walked into the adjoining room. She was very hungry. No one was there. But there was a cloth spread upon the table that stood against the wall, and a cover was laid for one, with a crusty brown loaf and a bottle of wine beside the plate. Edna bit a piece from the brown loaf, tearing it with her strong, white teeth. She poured some of the wine into the glass and drank it down. Then she went softly out of doors, and plucking an orange from the low-hanging bough of a tree, threw it at Robert, who did not know she was awake and up.
"How many years have I slept?" she inquired. "The whole island seems changed. A new race of beings must have sprung up, leaving only you and me as past relics. How many ages ago did Madame Antoine and Tonie die? and when did our people from Grand Isle disappear from the earth?"
"You have slept precisely one hundred years. I was left here to guard your slumbers; and for one hundred years I have been out under the shed reading a book. The only evil I couldn't prevent was to keep a broiled fowl from drying up."
"If it has turned to stone, still will I eat it," said Edna, moving with him into the house. "But really, what has become of Monsieur Farival and the others?"
"Gone hours ago. When they found that you were sleeping they thought it best not to awake you. Any way, I wouldn't have let them. What was I here for?"
"Of course not; he knows you are with me," Robert replied, as he busied himself among sundry pans and covered dishes which had been left standing on the hearth.
"Gone to Vespers, and to visit some friends, I believe. I am to take you back in Tonie's boat whenever you are ready to go."
He stirred the smoldering ashes till the broiled fowl began to sizzle afresh. He served her with no mean repast, dripping the coffee anew and sharing it with her. Madame Antoine had cooked little else than the mullets, but while Edna slept Robert had foraged the island. He was childishly gratified to discover her appetite, and to see the relish with which she ate the food which he had procured for her.
"Shall we go right away?" she asked, after draining her glass and brushing together the crumbs of the crusty loaf.
They waited a good while under the orange trees, till Madame Antoine came back, panting, waddling, with a thousand apologies to explain her absence. Tonie did not dare to return. He was shy, and would not willingly face any woman except his mother.
It was very pleasant to stay there under the orange trees, while the sun dipped lower and lower, turning the western sky to flaming copper and gold. The shadows lengthened and crept out like stealthy, grotesque monsters across the grass.
Edna and Robert both sat upon the ground - that is, he lay upon the ground beside her, occasionally picking at the hem of her muslin gown.
Madame Antoine seated her fat body, broad and squat, upon a bench beside the door. She had been talking all the afternoon, and had wound herself up to the storytelling pitch.
And what stories she told them! But twice in her life she had left the Cheniere Caminada, and then for the briefest span. All her years she had squatted and waddled there upon the island, gathering legends of the Baratarians and the sea. The night came on, with the moon to lighten it. Edna could hear the whispering voices of dead men and the click of muffled gold.
When she and Robert stepped into Tonie's boat, with the red lateen sail, misty spirit forms were prowling in the shadows and among the reeds, and upon the water were phantom ships, speeding to cover.
The youngest boy, Etienne, had been very naughty, Madame Ratignolle said, as she delivered him into the hands of his mother. He had been unwilling to go to bed and had made a scene; whereupon she had taken charge of him and pacified him as well as she could. Raoul had been in bed and asleep for two hours.
The youngster was in his long white nightgown, that kept tripping him up as Madame Ratignolle led him along by the hand. With the other chubby fist he rubbed his eyes, which were heavy with sleep and ill humor. Edna took him in her arms, and seating herself in the rocker, began to coddle and caress him, calling him all manner of tender names, soothing him to sleep.
Leonce had been very uneasy at first, Madame Ratignolle said, and had wanted to start at once for the Cheniere. But Monsieur Farival had assured him that his wife was only overcome with sleep and fatigue, that Tonie would bring her safely back later in the day; and he had thus been dissuaded from crossing the bay. He had gone over to Klein's, looking up some cotton broker whom he wished to see in regard to securities, exchanges, stocks, bonds, or something of the sort, Madame Ratignolle did not remember what. He said he would not remain away late. She herself was suffering from heat and oppression, she said. She carried a bottle of salts and a large fan. She would not consent to remain with Edna, for Monsieur Ratignolle was alone, and he detested above all things to be left alone.
When Etienne had fallen asleep Edna bore him into the back room, and Robert went and lifted the mosquito bar that she might lay the child comfortably in his bed. The quadroon had vanished. When they emerged from the cottage Robert bade Edna good-night.
"Do you know we have been together the whole livelong day, Robert - since early this morning?" she said at parting.
He pressed her hand and went away in the direction of the beach. He did not join any of the others, but walked alone toward the Gulf.
Edna stayed outside, awaiting her husband's return. She had no desire to sleep or to retire; nor did she feel like going over to sit with the Ratignolles, or to join Madame Lebrun and a group whose animated voices reached her as they sat in conversation before the house. She let her mind wander back over her stay at Grand Isle; and she tried to discover wherein this summer had been different from any and every other summer of her life. She could only realize that she herself - her present self - was in some way different from the other self. That she was seeing with different eyes and making the acquaintance of new conditions in herself that colored and changed her environment, she did not yet suspect.
She wondered why Robert had gone away and left her. It did not occur to her to think he might have grown tired of being with her the livelong day. She was not tired, and she felt that he was not. She regretted that he had gone. It was so much more natural to have him stay when he was not absolutely required to leave her.
As Edna waited for her husband she sang low a little song that Robert had sung as they crossed the bay. It began with "Ah! Si tu savais," and every verse ended with "si tu savais."
Robert's voice was not pretentious. It was musical and true. The voice, the notes, the whole refrain haunted her memory.
When Edna entered the dining-room one evening a little late, as was her habit, an unusually animated conversation seemed to be going on. Several persons were talking at once, and Victor's voice was predominating, even over that of his mother. Edna had returned late from her bath, had dressed in some haste, and her face was flushed. Her head, set off by her dainty white gown, suggested a rich, rare blossom. She took her seat at table between old Monsieur Farival and Madame Ratignolle.
As she seated herself and was about to begin to eat her soup, which had been served when she entered the room, several persons informed her simultaneously that Robert was going to Mexico. She laid her spoon down and looked about her bewildered. He had been with her, reading to her all the morning, and had never even mentioned such a place as Mexico. She had not seen him during the afternoon; she had heard some one say he was at the house, upstairs with his mother. This she had thought nothing of, though she was surprised when he did not join her later in the afternoon, when she went down to the beach.
She looked across at him, where he sat beside Madame Lebrun, who presided. Edna's face was a blank picture of bewilderment, which she never thought of disguising. He lifted his eyebrows with the pretext of a smile as he returned her glance. He looked embarrassed and uneasy. "When is he going?" she asked of everybody in general, as if Robert were not there to answer for himself.
"To-night!" "This very evening!" "Did you ever!" "What possesses him!" were some of the replies she gathered, uttered simultaneously in French and English.
"Impossible!" she exclaimed. "How can a person start off from Grand Isle to Mexico at a moment's notice, as if he were going over to Klein's or to the wharf or down to the beach?"
"I said all along I was going to Mexico; I've been saying so for years!" cried Robert, in an excited and irritable tone, with the air of a man defending himself against a swarm of stinging insects.
"Please let Robert explain why he is going, and why he is going to-night," she called out. "Really, this table is getting to be more and more like Bedlam every day, with everybody talking at once. Sometimes - I hope God will forgive me - but positively, sometimes I wish Victor would lose the power of speech."
Victor laughed sardonically as he thanked his mother for her holy wish, of which he failed to see the benefit to anybody, except that it might afford her a more ample opportunity and license to talk herself.
Monsieur Farival thought that Victor should have been taken out in mid-ocean in his earliest youth and drowned. Victor thought there would be more logic in thus disposing of old people with an established claim for making themselves universally obnoxious. Madame Lebrun grew a trifle hysterical; Robert called his brother some sharp, hard names.
"There's nothing much to explain, mother," he said; though he explained, nevertheless - looking chiefly at Edna - that he could only meet the gentleman whom he intended to join at Vera Cruz by taking such and such a steamer, which left New Orleans on such a day; that Beaudelet was going out with his lugger-load of vegetables that night, which gave him an opportunity of reaching the city and making his vessel in time.
"At what time this afternoon?" persisted the old gentleman, with nagging determination, as if he were cross-questioning a criminal in a court of justice.
"At four o'clock this afternoon, Monsieur Farival," Robert replied, in a high voice and with a lofty air, which reminded Edna of some gentleman on the stage.
She had forced herself to eat most of her soup, and now she was picking the flaky bits of a court bouillon with her fork.
The lovers were profiting by the general conversation on Mexico to speak in whispers of matters which they rightly considered were interesting to no one but themselves. The lady in black had once received a pair of prayer-beads of curious workmanship from Mexico, with very special indulgence attached to them, but she had never been able to ascertain whether the indulgence extended outside the Mexican border. Father Fochel of the Cathedral had attempted to explain it; but he had not done so to her satisfaction. And she begged that Robert would interest himself, and discover, if possible, whether she was entitled to the indulgence accompanying the remarkably curious Mexican prayer-beads.
Madame Ratignolle hoped that Robert would exercise extreme caution in dealing with the Mexicans, who, she considered, were a treacherous people, unscrupulous and revengeful. She trusted she did them no injustice in thus condemning them as a race. She had known personally but one Mexican, who made and sold excellent tamales, and whom she would have trusted implicitly, so softspoken was he. One day he was arrested for stabbing his wife. She never knew whether he had been hanged or not.
Victor had grown hilarious, and was attempting to tell an anecdote about a Mexican girl who served chocolate one winter in a restaurant in Dauphine Street. No one would listen to him but old Monsieur Farival, who went into convulsions over the droll story.
Edna wondered if they had all gone mad, to be talking and clamoring at that rate. She herself could think of nothing to say about Mexico or the Mexicans.
He turned to answer some question put to him by his mother, and Edna, having finished her black coffee, left the table.
She went directly to her room. The little cottage was close and stuffy after leaving the outer air. But she did not mind; there appeared to be a hundred different things demanding her attention indoors. She began to set the toilet-stand to rights, grumbling at the negligence of the quadroon, who was in the adjoining room putting the children to bed. She gathered together stray garments that were hanging on the backs of chairs, and put each where it belonged in closet or bureau drawer. She changed her gown for a more comfortable and commodious wrapper. She rearranged her hair, combing and brushing it with unusual energy. Then she went in and assisted the quadroon in getting the boys to bed.
They were very playful and inclined to talk - to do anything but lie quiet and go to sleep. Edna sent the quadroon away to her supper and told her she need not return. Then she sat and told the children a story. Instead of soothing it excited them, and added to their wakefulness. She left them in heated argument, speculating about the conclusion of the tale which their mother promised to finish the following night.
The little black girl came in to say that Madame Lebrun would like to have Mrs. Pontellier go and sit with them over at the house till Mr. Robert went away. Edna returned answer that she had already undressed, that she did not feel quite well, but perhaps she would go over to the house later. She started to dress again, and got as far advanced as to remove her peignoir. But changing her mind once more she resumed the peignoir, and went outside and sat down before her door. She was overheated and irritable, and fanned herself energetically for a while. Madame Ratignolle came down to discover what was the matter.
"All that noise and confusion at the table must have upset me," replied Edna, "and moreover, I hate shocks and surprises. The idea of Robert starting off in such a ridiculously sudden and dramatic way! As if it were a matter of life and death! Never saying a word about it all morning when he was with me."
"Yes," agreed Madame Ratignolle. "I think it was showing us all - you especially - very little consideration. It wouldn't have surprised me in any of the others; those Lebruns are all given to heroics. But I must say I should never have expected such a thing from Robert. Are you not coming down? Come on, dear; it doesn't look friendly."
"No," said Edna, a little sullenly. "I can't go to the trouble of dressing again; I don't feel like it."
Madame Ratignolle kissed Edna good-night, and went away, being in truth rather desirous of joining in the general and animated conversation which was still in progress concerning Mexico and the Mexicans.
He lit a match and looked at his watch. "In twenty minutes," he said. The sudden and brief flare of the match emphasized the darkness for a while. He sat down upon a stool which the children had left out on the porch.
"This will do," he replied. He put on his soft hat and nervously took it off again, and wiping his face with his handkerchief, complained of the heat.
"Oh, no! Thank you. It does no good; you have to stop fanning some time, and feel all the more uncomfortable afterward."
"That's one of the ridiculous things which men always say. I have never known one to speak otherwise of fanning. How long will you be gone?"
"This seems to me perfectly preposterous and uncalled for. I don't like it. I don't understand your motive for silence and mystery, never saying a word to me about it this morning." He remained silent, not offering to defend himself. He only said, after a moment:
"I don't want to part in any ill humor," she said. "But can't you understand? I've grown used to seeing you, to having you with me all the time, and your action seems unfriendly, even unkind. You don't even offer an excuse for it. Why, I was planning to be together, thinking of how pleasant it would be to see you in the city next winter."
"So was I," he blurted. "Perhaps that's the - " He stood up suddenly and held out his hand. "Good-by, my dear Mrs. Pontellier; good-by. You won't - I hope you won't completely forget me." She clung to his hand, striving to detain him.
How unlike Robert! The merest acquaintance would have said something more emphatic than "I will, thank you; good-by," to such a request.
He had evidently already taken leave of the people over at the house, for he descended the steps and went to join Beaudelet, who was out there with an oar across his shoulder waiting for Robert. They walked away in the darkness. She could only hear Beaudelet's voice; Robert had apparently not even spoken a word of greeting to his companion.
Edna bit her handkerchief convulsively, striving to hold back and to hide, even from herself as she would have hidden from another, the emotion which was troubling - tearing - her. Her eyes were brimming with tears.
For the first time she recognized the symptoms of infatuation which she had felt incipiently as a child, as a girl in her earliest teens, and later as a young woman. The recognition did not lessen the reality, the poignancy of the revelation by any suggestion or promise of instability. The past was nothing to her; offered no lesson which she was willing to heed. The future was a mystery which she never attempted to penetrate. The present alone was significant; was hers, to torture her as it was doing then with the biting conviction that she had lost that which she had held, that she had been denied that which her impassioned, newly awakened being demanded.
"Do you miss your friend greatly?" asked Mademoiselle Reisz one morning as she came creeping up behind Edna, who had just left her cottage on her way to the beach. She spent much of her time in the water since she had acquired finally the art of swimming. As their stay at Grand Isle drew near its close, she felt that she could not give too much time to a diversion which afforded her the only real pleasurable moments that she knew. When Mademoiselle Reisz came and touched her upon the shoulder and spoke to her, the woman seemed to echo the thought which was ever in Edna's mind; or, better, the feeling which constantly possessed her.
Robert's going had some way taken the brightness, the color, the meaning out of everything. The conditions of her life were in no way changed, but her whole existence was dulled, like a faded garment which seems to be no longer worth wearing. She sought him everywhere - in others whom she induced to talk about him. She went up in the mornings to Madame Lebrun's room, braving the clatter of the old sewing-machine. She sat there and chatted at intervals as Robert had done. She gazed around the room at the pictures and photographs hanging upon the wall, and discovered in some corner an old family album, which she examined with the keenest interest, appealing to Madame Lebrun for enlightenment concerning the many figures and faces which she discovered between its pages.
There was a picture of Madame Lebrun with Robert as a baby, seated in her lap, a round-faced infant with a fist in his mouth. The eyes alone in the baby suggested the man. And that was he also in kilts, at the age of five, wearing long curls and holding a whip in his hand. It made Edna laugh, and she laughed, too, at the portrait in his first long trousers; while another interested her, taken when he left for college, looking thin, long-faced, with eyes full of fire, ambition and great intentions. But there was no recent picture, none which suggested the Robert who had gone away five days ago, leaving a void and wilderness behind him.
"Oh, Robert stopped having his pictures taken when he had to pay for them himself! He found wiser use for his money, he says," explained Madame Lebrun. She had a letter from him, written before he left New Orleans. Edna wished to see the letter, and Madame Lebrun told her to look for it either on the table or the dresser, or perhaps it was on the mantelpiece.
The letter was on the bookshelf. It possessed the greatest interest and attraction for Edna; the envelope, its size and shape, the post-mark, the handwriting. She examined every detail of the outside before opening it. There were only a few lines, setting forth that he would leave the city that afternoon, that he had packed his trunk in good shape, that he was well, and sent her his love and begged to be affectionately remembered to all. There was no special message to Edna except a postscript saying that if Mrs. Pontellier desired to finish the book which he had been reading to her, his mother would find it in his room, among other books there on the table. Edna experienced a pang of jealousy because he had written to his mother rather than to her.
Every one seemed to take for granted that she missed him. Even her husband, when he came down the Saturday following Robert's departure, expressed regret that he had gone.
"It's very dull without him," she admitted. Mr. Pontellier had seen Robert in the city, and Edna asked him a dozen questions or more. Where had they met? On Carondelet Street, in the morning. They had gone "in" and had a drink and a cigar together. What had they talked about? Chiefly about his prospects in Mexico, which Mr. Pontellier thought were promising. How did he look? How did he seem - grave, or gay, or how? Quite cheerful, and wholly taken up with the idea of his trip, which Mr. Pontellier found altogether natural in a young fellow about to seek fortune and adventure in a strange, queer country.
Edna tapped her foot impatiently, and wondered why the children persisted in playing in the sun when they might be under the trees. She went down and led them out of the sun, scolding the quadroon for not being more attentive.
It did not strike her as in the least grotesque that she should be making of Robert the object of conversation and leading her husband to speak of him. The sentiment which she entertained for Robert in no way resembled that which she felt for her husband, or had ever felt, or ever expected to feel. She had all her life long been accustomed to harbor thoughts and emotions which never voiced themselves. They had never taken the form of struggles. They belonged to her and were her own, and she entertained the conviction that she had a right to them and that they concerned no one but herself. Edna had once told Madame Ratignolle that she would never sacrifice herself for her children, or for any one. Then had followed a rather heated argument; the two women did not appear to understand each other or to be talking the same language. Edna tried to appease her friend, to explain.
"I would give up the unessential; I would give my money, I would give my life for my children; but I wouldn't give myself. I can't make it more clear; it's only something which I am beginning to comprehend, which is revealing itself to me."
"I don't know what you would call the essential, or what you mean by the unessential," said Madame Ratignolle, cheerfully; "but a woman who would give her life for her children could do no more than that - your Bible tells you so. I'm sure I couldn't do more than that."
She was not surprised at Mademoiselle Reisz's question the morning that lady, following her to the beach, tapped her on the shoulder and asked if she did not greatly miss her young friend.
"Oh, good morning, Mademoiselle; is it you? Why, of course I miss Robert. Are you going down to bathe?"
"Why should I go down to bathe at the very end of the season when I haven't been in the surf all summer," replied the woman, disagreeably.
"I beg your pardon," offered Edna, in some embarrassment, for she should have remembered that Mademoiselle Reisz's avoidance of the water had furnished a theme for much pleasantry. Some among them thought it was on account of her false hair, or the dread of getting the violets wet, while others attributed it to the natural aversion for water sometimes believed to accompany the artistic temperament. Mademoiselle offered Edna some chocolates in a paper bag, which she took from her pocket, by way of showing that she bore no ill feeling. She habitually ate chocolates for their sustaining quality; they contained much nutriment in small compass, she said. They saved her from starvation, as Madame Lebrun's table was utterly impossible; and no one save so impertinent a woman as Madame Lebrun could think of offering such food to people and requiring them to pay for it.
"She must feel very lonely without her son," said Edna, desiring to change the subject. "Her favorite son, too. It must have been quite hard to let him go."
"Her favorite son! Oh, dear! Who could have been imposing such a tale upon you? Aline Lebrun lives for Victor, and for Victor alone. She has spoiled him into the worthless creature he is. She worships him and the ground he walks on. Robert is very well in a way, to give up all the money he can earn to the family, and keep the barest pittance for himself. Favorite son, indeed! I miss the poor fellow myself, my dear. I liked to see him and to hear him about the place the only Lebrun who is worth a pinch of salt. He comes to see me often in the city. I like to play to him. That Victor! hanging would be too good for him. It's a wonder Robert hasn't beaten him to death long ago."
"I thought he had great patience with his brother," offered Edna, glad to be talking about Robert, no matter what was said.
"Oh! he thrashed him well enough a year or two ago," said Mademoiselle. "It was about a Spanish girl, whom Victor considered that he had some sort of claim upon. He met Robert one day talking to the girl, or walking with her, or bathing with her, or carrying her basket - I don't remember what; - and he became so insulting and abusive that Robert gave him a thrashing on the spot that has kept him comparatively in order for a good while. It's about time he was getting another."
"Mariequita - yes, that was it; Mariequita. I had forgotten. Oh, she's a sly one, and a bad one, that Mariequita!"
Edna looked down at Mademoiselle Reisz and wondered how she could have listened to her venom so long. For some reason she felt depressed, almost unhappy. She had not intended to go into the water; but she donned her bathing suit, and left Mademoiselle alone, seated under the shade of the children's tent. The water was growing cooler as the season advanced. Edna plunged and swam about with an abandon that thrilled and invigorated her. She remained a long time in the water, half hoping that Mademoiselle Reisz would not wait for her.