The refusal or reception of refugees has had serious implications for the social policies and social realities of numerous countries in east and west. Exploring experiences, interpretations and practices of 'refugees,' 'the internally displaced' and 'returnees' in or emerging from societies in violent conflict, this volume challenges prevailing orthodoxies and encourages new developments in refugee studies. It also addresses the ethics and politics of interventions by professionals and policy makers, using case studies of refugees from or in South Asia, the Middle East, North Africa, Europe and the Americas. These illustrate the dynamic nature of situations where refugees, policy- makers and practitioners interact in trying to construct new livelihoods in transforming societies.
Without a proper understanding of this dynamic nature, so the volume argues overall, it is not possible to develop successful strategies for the accommodation and integration of refugees.
Psychologists have done a great deal of research on the effects of trauma on the individual, revealing the paradox that violent experiences are often secreted away beyond easy accessibility, becoming impossible to verbalize explicitly. However, comparatively little research has been done on the transgenerational effects of trauma and the means by which experiences are transmitted from person to person across time to become intrinsic parts of the social fabric. With eight contributions covering Africa, Central and South America, China, Europe, and the Middle East, this volume sheds new light on the role of memory in constructing popular histories – or historiographies – of violence in the absence of, or in contradistinction to, authoritative written histories. It brings new ethnographic data to light and presents a truly cross-cultural range of case studies that will greatly enhance the discussion of memory and violence across disciplines.
Military-civilian encounters are multiple and diverse in our times. Contributors to this volume demonstrate how military and civilian domains are constituted through entanglements undermining the classic civil-military binary and manifest themselves in unexpected places and manners. Moreover, the essays trace out the ripples, reverberations and resonations of civil-military entanglements in areas not usually associated with such ties, but which are nevertheless real and significant for an understanding of the roles war, violence and the military play in shaping contemporary societies and the everyday life of its citizens.
The collapse of communism and the process of state building that ensued in the 1990s have highlighted the existence of significant minorities in many European states, particularly in Central Europe. In this context, the growing plight of Europe’s biggest minority, the Roma (Gypsies), has been particularly salient. Traditionally dispersed, possessing few resources and devoid of a common “kin state” to protect their interests, the Roma have often suffered from widespread exclusion and institutionalized discrimination. Politically underrepresented and lacking popular support amongst the wider populations of their host countries, the Roma have consequently become one of Europe’s greatest “losers” in the transition towards democracy.
Against this background, the author examines the recent attempts of the Roma in Central Europe and their supporters to form a political movement and to influence domestic and international politics. On the basis of first-hand observation and interviews with activists and politicians in the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia, he analyzes connections between the evolving state policies towards the Roma and the recent history of Romani mobilization. In order to reach a better understanding of the movement’s dynamics at work, the author explores a number of theories commonly applied to the study of social movements and collective action.
Since 9/11 ideas of security have focused in part on the development of ungovernable spaces. Important debates are now being had over the nature, impacts, and outcomes of the numerous policy statements made by northern governments, NGOs, and international institutions that view the merging of security with development as both unproblematic and progressive. This volume addresses this new security–development nexus and investigates internal institutional logics, as well as the operation of policy, its dangers, resistances and complicity with other local and national social processes. Drawing on detailed ethnography, the contributors offer new vantage points to understand the workings of multiple, intersecting, and conflicting power structures, which whilst local, are tied to non-local systems and operate across time. This volume is a necessary critique and extension of key themes integral to the security– development nexus debate, highlighting the importance of a situated and substantive understanding of human security.
How does Shakespeare represent war? This volume reviews scholarship to date on the question and introduces new perspectives, looking at contemporary conflict through the lens of the past. Through his haunting depiction of historical bloodshed, including the Trojan War, the fall of the Roman Republic, and the Wars of the Roses, Shakespeare illuminates more recent political violence, ranging from the British occupation of Ireland to the Spanish Civil War, the Balkans War, and the past several decades of U. S. military engagement in Iraq and Afghanistan. Can a war be just? What is the relation between the ruler and the ruled? What motivates ethnic violence? Shakespeare’s plays serve as the frame for careful explorations of perennial problems of human co-existence: the politics of honor, the ethics of diplomacy, the responsibility of non-combatants, and the tension between idealism and Realpolitik.
Although the Guatemalan Civil War ended more than two decades ago, its bloody legacy continues to resonate even today. In Silenced Communities, author Marcia Esparza offers an ethnographic account of the failed demilitarization of the rural militia in the town of Santo Tomás Chichicastenango following the conflict. Combining insights from postcolonialism, subaltern studies, and theories of internal colonialism, Esparza explores the remarkable resilience of ideologies and practices engendered in the context of the Cold War, demonstrating how the lingering effects of grassroots militarization affect indigenous communities that continue to struggle with inequality and marginalization.
Often, violent behavior or harassment from a soldier is dismissed by the military as unacceptable acts by individuals termed, “rotten apples.” In this study, the author argues that this dismissal is unsatisfactory and that there is an urgent need to look at the (mis)behavior of soldiers from a structural point of view. When soldiers serve as an occupational force, they find themselves in a particular situation influenced by structural circumstances that heavily influence their behavior and moral decision-making. This study focuses on young Israeli men and their experiences as combat soldiers in the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF), particularly those who served in the “Occupied Palestinian Territories” (OPT) during the “Al Aqsa Intifada,” which broke out in 2000. In describing the soldiers’ circumstances, especially focusing on space, the study shows how processes of numbing on different levels influence the (moral) behavior of these soldiers.
The very institution of the state is widely conceived of as inseparable from war. If it constitutes peace within the borders or order of its sovereignty, this very peace may be the condition for its potential for war with those other states and social formation outside it. This volume represents different analytical standpoints and positions within global processes, inviting further discussion on contemporary realities and the development of new formations of war and violence.
During twelve years of ethno-nationalist secessionist violence in the north and east of Sri Lanka, insurrection in the south, and island-wide state repression, many Tamils were forced to seek political asylum overseas. At least 200,000 Tamils, primarily from the Jaffna Peninsula, have escaped to Europe of whom ca. 25,000 (the largest group relative to the population) have settled in Switzerland, the focus of this study. The author examines the conditions in Sri Lanka that led to the flight, the phases and technicalities of the emigration and resettlement in Switzerland. Based on anthropological fieldwork and on completely new archival material, the author not only looks at the development of the Tamil community in all its diversity but also at the impact of federal and cantonal policy and practice, at the economic situation and broader changes in Switzerland which led to demands for reforms to the country's asylum and immigration rules. In this respect, Switzerland set an example that other governments were soon to follow.
It seems more urgent than ever before to fend off the rising wave of intolerance and at the same time determine the nature of tolerance and its limits. As Ricoeur says in his Foreword: "Tolerance is a tricky subject: too easy or too difficult. It is indeed too easy to deplore intolerance, without putting oneself into question, oneself and the different allegiances with which each person identifies." In order to explore these complexities, he has gathered together a number of prominent thinkers from various parts of the world and areas of activity and invited them to reflect on the "obstacles and limits to tolerance." The Declaration of Principles on Tolerance, issued by the United Nations in 1995, rounds up this remarkable collection of essays.
The Turkish-Armenian conflict has lasted for nearly a century and still continues in attenuated forms to poison the relationship between these two peoples. The author, Senior Fellow and Deputy Director of the Center for Preventive Action at the Council on Foreign Relations and previously advisor to the United Nations, undertook, as head of the Turkish-Armenian Reconciliation Committee, to bring the two sides together and to work with them towards a peaceful resolution of the enmity that had made any contact between them taboo.
His lively account of the difficult negotiations makes fascinating reading; it shows that the newly developed “track-two diplomacy” is an effective tool for reconciling even intractable foes through fostering dialog, contact and cooperation.
Violent Becomings conceptualizes the Mozambican state not as the bureaucratically ordered polity of the nation-state, but as a continuously emergent and violently challenged mode of ordering. In doing so, this book addresses the question of why colonial and postcolonial state formation has involved violent articulations with so-called ‘traditional’ forms of sociality. The scope and dynamic nature of such violent becomings is explored through an array of contexts that include colonial regimes of forced labor and pacification, liberation war struggles and civil war, the social engineering of the post-independence state, and the popular appropriation of sovereign violence in riots and lynchings.
Technologies of the allied warfare in Iraq and Afghanistan, such as remote-controlled drones and night vision goggles, allow the user to “virtualize” human targets. This coincides with increased civilian casualties and a perpetuation of the very insecurity these technologies are meant to combat. This concise volume of research and reflections from different regions across Asia, the Middle East, Latin America, and Africa, observes how anthropology operates as a technology of war. It tackles recent theories of humans in society colluding with imperialist claims, including anthropologists who have become involved professionally in warfare through their knowledge of “cultures,” renamed as “human terrain systems.” The chapters link varied yet crucial domains of inquiry: from battlefields technologies, military-driven scientific policy, and economic warfare, to martyrdom cosmology shifts, media coverage of “distant” wars, and the virtualizing techniques and “war porn” soundtracks of the gaming industry.
As seen in military documents, medical journals, novels, films, television shows, and memoirs, soldiers’ invisible wounds are not innate cracks in individual psyches that break under the stress of war. Instead, the generation of weary warriors is caught up in wider social and political networks and institutions—families, activist groups, government bureaucracies, welfare state programs—mediated through a military hierarchy, psychiatry rooted in mind-body sciences, and various cultural constructs of masculinity. This book offers a history of military psychiatry from the American Civil War to the latest Afghanistan conflict. The authors trace the effects of power and knowledge in relation to the emotional and psychological trauma that shapes soldiers’ bodies, minds, and souls, developing an extensive account of the emergence, diagnosis, and treatment of soldiers’ invisible wounds.
The issue of collective and multiple property rights in animals, such as cattle, camels or reindeers, among pastoralists has never been a subject of special cross-cultural and comparative study. Focusing on pastoralist societies in East and West Africa, the Far North and Siberia, and the Eurasian steppes, this volume addresses the issue of property rights and the changes these societies have undergone due to the direct or indirect influence of modernization and globalization processes. The contributors also investigate the interplay of older sets of rights and modern marketing policies; political, ecological and economic effects of collectivization and de-collectivization; the existence of collective and private property in the Soviet Union and its successor states; state taxation and destocking measures in African dry lands; and the effects of quarantine, as well as import and export regulations. The rich and well-researched ethnographic, historical, and economic data in these chapters provides new theoretical insights into the matter of property rights in animals.
As the crisis in Israel does not show any signs of abating, this remarkable collection, edited by an Israeli and a Palestinian scholar and with contributions by Palestinian and Israeli women, offers a vivid and harrowing picture of the conflict and of its impact on daily life, especially as it affects women's experiences that differ significantly from those of men.
The (auto)biographical narratives in this volume focus on some of the most disturbing effects of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict: a sense of dislocation that goes well beyond the geographical meaning of the word; it involves social, cultural, national and gender dislocation, including alienation from one's own home, family, community, and society. The accounts become even more poignant if seen against the backdrop of the roots of the conflict, the real or imaginary construct of a state to save and shelter particularly European Jews from the horrors of Nazism in parallel to the other side of the coin: Israel as a settler-colonial state responsible for the displacement of the Palestinian nation.
These adorable 10k yellow gold earrings with white round stones would make a great gift for children and adults.
Sterling silver drop earrings from Italy. Length: 68mm* long. Widest part: 10mm* wide. Closure: studs *all measurements are approximations
All prices are in Canadian dollars. 18k hoop earrings have a slight twist to them that doesn't make them too fancy or too simple. These Italian made hoops would go great with any outfit of any colour. They are also not too big or too small so both a child or an adult could wear them. Outer diameter: 15mm* Width: 3mm* *all measurements are approximations.
All prices are in Canadian dollars. Adorable 14k yellow gold flower earrings were made in Italy and make a great gift for a baby girl or young woman. The red stones stand out and make a statement on their own. They have a lever back closure that make them easy to put on and take off. Length of Earrings: 15mm* Length of Flowers: 7mm* Width of Flowers: 7 mm* *all measurements are approximations.
All prices are in Canadian dollars. Adorable 18k yellow gold heart earrings were made in Italy and make a great gift for a baby girl or young woman. The red stones gives an added pop of colour bringing attention to the hearts. They have a french back closure that make them easy to put on and take off. Length of Earrings: 17.5mm* Length of Hearts: 7.5mm* Width of Hearts: 6mm* *all measurements are approximations.
zawerstui - Take control of a very Hungry Shark in this action packed aquatic adventure. Survive as long as possible by eating everything that gets in your way! Many dif...
Please select PROPERTIES FOR SALE - Villas - Restored Farmhouses - Farmhouses to restore - Townhouses - Apartments - Land - Wineries and vineyards RENTAL PROPERTIES - Villas for rent - Farmhouses for rent - Apartments for rent - Beach houses
STATUS Habitable Newly built Newly built classe F Partially restored Restored Ruin To restore To restored abitable habitable restored restored to the rough to be restored to restore
Accommodation structure, farmhouse with restaurant and rooms for sale in the Marche; Ancient farmhouse completely restored for sale in the Marche
EXCLUSIVE COUNTRY HOUSE FOR SALE IN LE MARCHE Property with tourist activity, guest houses, for sale in Italy
September 8, 2009. Students taking Professor Samuel K. Roberts' course, "Substance Abuse Politics," will have the unique opportunity to engage with previously inaccessible health-related artifacts and curate their own collections of primary and secondary source materials for research on health and public policy issues in Harlem. The Harlem Health History project, being developed by CCNMTL and Roberts, professor of history and assistant professor at the Mailman School of Public Health, aims to enhance students' historical research skills on health-focused social and political movements in an African American community by encouraging student analysis of digitized reports and studies, news articles, advertisements, political artifacts, interviews, videos, and images. Students can search, browse, tag, and export items, as well as add their own primary source materials to the Harlem Health History collection.
Professor Roberts' students will incorporate these resources into individual or group term papers. Exemplary student work will be added to the Harlem Health History collection for future students to use as secondary sources in their own research. Harlem Health History is a project within CCNMTL's Digital Bridges Initiative and launches this fall in Professor Roberts' course. Sections of the project's website may be available to the public in the future. Read an interview with Professor Roberts in The Record and stay tuned for more news on Harlem Health History and stay tuned for more news on Harlem Health History.
Amid its many wonderful works by utilizing the iPhone's huge electrical power to help you examine foreign languages. By downloading applications that supply vocabulary instruction along with translation help in the massive quantity of tongues, you could potentially proven your self throughout the path to obtaining a Curso de Reparo de Celular serious citizen from your World.
Powered by WordPress | Best Verizon phone upgrade deals | Thanks to iCellPhoneDeals.com, Facebook Games and The Diet Solution Program Scam
This entry was posted on Thursday, June 28th, 2007 at 10:36 PM	and is filed under uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
With our UX Research services, we bring a new approach that allows our clients to see how users react to an interface under real-life conditions and receive actionable recommendations based on industry best practices and design heuristics.
The goal of UX research is to move products and businesses forward. That is why we strive to be agile, actionable and timely.
Agile – We pivot our approach to fit changing needs and new learnings, and package our services to fit your development schedule.
Actionable – Research findings only move a product forward if they have practical value. We seek to help our clients enact positive change.
Timely – The digital world moves fast. Our clients need information to advance their projects. We have methods to keep them updated when necessary.
Our philosophy ensures that our clients get real value from user studies, even as needs and priorities shift.
NYS' three regiments of U.S. Colored Troops mustered in and trained on what are now NYC DOC islands -- the 20th and 28th USCTs on Rikers and the 31st USCT on Hart. A web page noting the unique role in USCT history played by these two islands was first posted on the NYC DOC cyber site few years ago in observance of Black History Month. That page now resides on this NY Correction History Society site. Several other Union units also mustered in, mustered out, trained or were otherwise stationed on one or the other island. The page below features excerpts related to Rikers in the letters of the 76th NYV that served a while on the island. NYCHS appreciates the Major Andrew Grover Civil War Roundtable allowing us use of its web site materials. These Rikers-related excerpts come from about a dozen of the many letters transcribed by B. Conrad Bush -- 1940 Reading Road, West Falls, NY, 14170; e-mail mailto:Bushresear@aol.com -- during research at various archives. Wherever possible, the original spelling and capitalization have been preserved by him. Some paragraph breaks have been added to aid readability.
maintained by Michael Brown of the intellectual property law firm of Brown, Pinnisi & Michaels hosting it.
Born in W.Dryden, Tompkins County, Dec. 22, 1830. Orphaned at 7. Enlisted at 16, served in Mexican War. Sickness left him lame. Funds from war service paid for Methodist Seminary education. Entered ministry in 1852. In 1861, helped organize the 76th Regiment. Commissioned captain Jan. 17, 1862. Took part in battles at Rappahannock Station, Sulphur Springs, and Gainesville. Seriously wounded, resigned commission, but recovered, and commissioned a major in February 1863. Killed in at Gettysburg July 1, days before he would have become colonel.
The story of our camp life has no doubt been often told in the numerous letters which our men have written to anxious friends at home; and it may be a needless repetition for me to refer at all to the subject. But I imagine, that what seems to us who are in camp so commonplace, still arrays itself in the enchantment of novelty to those who are at a distance. . . .
The hardships of our men began at Albany, in barracks insufficiently warmed, and where food was provided most disgustingly cooked, and served up in a most disgusting place. The chapter of hardships was "continued" in Ricker's Island. But the climax was reached during our first week in Washington.
We arrived in Washington January 31st, about midnight, and were marched to a place called ironically the Soldiers' Rest - so called because troops remained there after there arrival in the Capital city, before marching in camp. We were marched into a large room which we were told was the place where the Regiment was to rest for a time. After super - for supper was in readiness even at the late hour, - the men made their arrangements for sleep; and after a little the floor, - the bare, dirty, muddy floor, - was actually covered with only one layer of sleeping soldiers. For a few days the men enjoyed, or rather endured, this fatiguing rest, many of them contracting the disease which has since sent them to their long home. We were soon ordered out to Meridian Hill. . . .
The Major Andrew Grover Civil War Roundtable holds an annual ceremony July 1 at his grave. The site is in the Cortland Rural Cemetery on Tompkins Street (Route 13). The monument is centrally located in the cemetery, straight up the main road from the entrance. The Roundtable meets at 7:30 p.m. the second Tuesday each month at the Cortland County Historical Society, 25 Homer Avenue. Questions on the 76th or on the Roundtable may be sent by e-mail to Mike Brown, editor of its newsletter, the Guidon, at brown@bpmlegal.com or by postal service at 41 Creamery Road, Richford NY 13835
I take my pen in hand to write a few lines to you I presume Elon has writen to you that I was not agoin to write you again while I was in Albany as we left so suddenly I told him to write you I should not I dont know what he has written about the ride to New York and here but I will write some to and before that I will some to Nettie;
William H. Hix, who took the name Persons from his mother's brother-in - law with whom he had lived for several years, enlisted in Cortland on Sept. 24, 1861, at age 19. He mustered in with Co. F, 76th NYV Infantry, Oct. 11, 1861. Detached to serve with the West- ern Gunboat Service, he was scalded to death on June 17, 1862, when the gunboat "Mound City" exploded in the White River, Arkansas.
Well, Nettie how do you do, pretty aint you, what do you do this cold weather, dont your fingers and nose and ears get cold little
now I will tell you what I saw and heard in Albany; well I went to the Grand Concert they had in Albany a little while before we left. . . .
This is terrible day, the wind blows huricane, this forenoon and its very lonely and disagreeable; we have had our pay I had 35 dollars and ten cents and sent 30 dollars home I intend to make as much as I can for I say its worth it.
We had a mighty nice time freezing and such like coming from Albany, to NY City a very fine time to the city and the beautiful airy ride we had comeing up to this Lone isle
as for me I am determined to be as contented as I can and take what comes and make the best of it Elon has written all about the ride and the Isle and I have to say is what the Drum Major said although a pious man and one who has seen service and been in battle he says we aint but a short sail from hell more than half right and now I have written quite a little and guess I'll close by telling what I saw coming up hear as we passed Blackwell Island we saw the prison for the culprets of the city they were dressed in their uniforms which were Striped the stripes running round the body and arm and legs and they looked like a damned pack of hornets
we have seen great sights and things that I should never have seen had I not went a soldiering we have seen very hard times I think what times we are to see God onely
as for me let come what will come I must meet it an what is more I expect to meet whatever may happen so let it come . . . .
Henry C. Sutton, who lived with his parents and their 6 other children on a farm in North Pitcher, NY, enlisted Sept. 20, 1861, at age 19. He mustered with 76th NYV's Company B Oct. 4, 1861. In a battle Gainesville, Va., he was killed by a Minié ball through his head, on Aug. 28, 1862. Sutton's letters launched descendant Conrad Bush on transcribing Civil War correspondence.
Dear father I thought that I would write A few lines to let you know that I am well and hope this will find you the same I Dont know but you think that I write to often but it dont cost me enything but the envelops and paper and that is not much to me ... only write Mother would you like to see me I should like to see you and I hope the time is not far distant when I shall return home if the Lord spares my life for our armey is ridling them Sutherners like thunder now I dont think that they can hold out much longer if our men serves them as they have lately for they have given them fits lately but I am afraid that I shall never get a Chance at them for thare is so meney ahead of us now and the Officers hae been trying to get the Col out of his office and he sed if thy succeded in doing it he should disband the reg and I hope they will for if I am discharged here I Shall join Charley Gralets reg of Cavelry for I like that vary much ...
thought that I would write to now A few lines to you to let you know that I am well and hope that hese few lines will find yu the Same
my leter will be Short for I have not got much news to write and what litle I Do write you Cant Read I Dont Expect but if you Cnt Read it Sent it back and I will Read it for you but enough of that ... the other night thare was A Ship wrecked upon the iland but they was nobody hurt thare was four men and A Boy on Board they had on board tub barels of beer and the boys went Down and Tapped one of them and got all the beer they wanted to Drink but I Did not for I thought that it warnt mine and so I let it be ... tomorow morning wee lave here for Dixe and I am glad of it for I want to be Down thare A Doing Something for my Country for I have not Done eny thing for it yet but it is becase I have not had A Chance to but when I Do get at it I will fight the harder... Please write soon to me no more at present
Dear Editor and Friends: Once again I seat myself upon my cloth's valise, to let you know that the gallant and loyal Seventy-Sixth still lives and to tell you of its welfare and its progress in the art of war. . . .
We left Albany as you are aware some three weeks since, amid a beautiful snow storm, and as we marched through the town, cheered at, gazed at by an immense and wondering crowd, the gentle and light winged messengers from the skies would light softly upon the men, and when they reached the Depot, every soldier was beautifully ornamented and "coated all o'er with snow." The cars left about 7 o'clock Friday night, and arrived in the great metropolis about 7 the next morning, being 12 hours on the road. . . .
With our entrance into the city it commenced raining, and kept up a perfect drizzle for three or four days. When the last train got in, the men left the cars at the 31st at depot, and marched down Broadway to the City Hall Park Barracks. . . .These barracks were the best built of any that we have been in yet, and the food we received here was good, much better than our Albany fare. The men were loath to leave this rendezvous, so convenient was it to see the elephant. If a man was lucky enough to get a pass, it was amusing to hear him tell of all he had seen in his short town. You's think he had been round the world!
By way of rarity, allow me to say that the first Sabbath, I had the pleasure of listening to Henry Ward Beecher in the morning. . . . In the afternoon I visited the Cathedral, and in the evening, the Unitarian church on Broadway. The pulpit is occupied by Dr. Osgood, the author. . . . The Sunday evening following, hearing that Dr. Cheaver was going to preach a "war sermon," I repaired thither. . . . The latest fashion in New York is to cheer the preacher whenever he says anything good and patriotic, and it was so on this occasion. . . .
John F. Potter, Co. A, wrote a number of columns as a "regular correspondent" to the Cortland Gazette and Banner, under the pseudonym "JFP." His columns for December 1861, Jan., Feb., March, April and May 1862 are available on the 76th NYV web site. Potter, 21, enlisted Oct. 1, 1861, at Utica; mustered in with Co. A, Oct. 4; discharged for disability, Feb. 26, 1863, at Washington, D.C.
Tuesday morning came, and with it the day that saw us leave for Riker's Island, on board a couple of steam tugs and an old barge. It was an exceedingly cold, raw day, and when we arrived at the Island, we found it minus a single stove, and we had to "grin and bear" it through all that day and night. Most of the men went to bed to keep warm, but they found it freezing under the blankets, as clothing was rather sparse. The barracks, too, were built loosely, for summer rather than winter use. The Island, which has become notorious as the resort of Knights of the muscle and pugilists generally, is situated about 12 miles above New York, on the East River, just above Blackwell Island, and adjacent to Long Island.
It comprises about 90 acres of good soil, an orchard, and one dilapidated old house, hired by one Harry, who keeps inside of it a bar and a family, the number of representatives deponent knoweth not. Its climate is miserable cold, uncomfortable, disagreeable and lonely, and its chief productions, so far as I was able to practically demonstrate, were oysters, clams, salt water and ------- which the boys amused themselves by digging.
In summer time, it wo'd be a capital place to recreate, to hunt and fish, as wild docks abound delightly, and fish can be obtained in any quantity, but it's not exactly the spot for delicate wildlife in the tedious winter time, as the wind whistles Yankee Doodle and keeps the men dancing an Irish jig continually.
The second day after our debut on this Island - the 23d of January, 1862, - was the happiest day the regiment has experienced yet. It will always be known as the great pay day, and when the history of the Seventy-Sixth shall have been written, this day will stand out in letters of shining gold, pure silver and nice treasury notes! The boys were perfectly happy, but what were they to do? they couldn't get off the Island to invest, and like good boys and true soldiers, sent home two-thirds of their money to their wives and parents. Out of $40,000, which was paid the Regiment, full $30,000 was sent home. This speaks well for the boys, and more eloquent in their praise than words.
But what was kept back burnt their pockets so that they were not satisfied until they had got rid o the most of it. If anything came on the Island, no matter of what ingredients, quality, quantity, or substance, it would go like wildfire. The boys hadn't had any money in so long a time, that it seemed more like an Eastern carnival, than a cold imprisoned Island. I overheard the Colonel tell some of the men who were anxious to visit the beach, that they could do so, but that it was against the orders to swim off!
. . . Until Saturday, the 25th ult., the weather although cold, was comparatively fine; the day and night following, however, "old boreah," and the elements generally, seemed out on a bender, roaring and howling with all the characteristic roughness of the play-fellows of father Neptune. Any one wishing to go to New York, would have to cross the East River to Port Morris, and then take the Harlem cars. But the storm had been so severe that no one had attempted to go over for 24 hours. The 26th ultimo came, and as some business must be done, so must some one go over the River - a distance of about one mile.
Accordingly, about half a dozen of us decided we would brave the waves at a venture. The boatmen told us we must prepare for a wetting, but wetting or no wetting, we must go, so off we started. The crew consisted of three orsmen, one steersman, two jolly Lieutenants, George and myself - eight - all told, if I except two empty blankets, one empty trunks and a box full of letters. . . . The frail boat rolled and pitched about on the heavy seas like a half-empty cask on the top of a high flood. . . . Soon we gained the opposite shore, very greatly to the delight, not one of us but what was wet through. We immediately made for the first place where there was a stove. We had received a whole month's ration of salt water, inwardly and outwardly, and it was some minutes before we could fairly get dry. . . .
Two days after we embarked on board the Atlas, en route for Washington, a description of which I will give you in my next. . .
Father and Mother it is with pleasure that I write you a few lines. we are in camp at Riker Island 14 miles from New York on the East river. it is a very pleasant place and we have considerable fun here. the boys go out on the shore and get clams. we have been here eight days now. I went down to New York last Night.
Charles Walter Devoe, of Milford, Otsego County, age 23, enlisted Sept. 29, 1861, at Springfield, NY, mustered in with Co. K, 76th NYV, Oct. 14, 1861; wounded in action, Aug. 28, 1862; died of his wounds, Aug. 29, 1862, at Gainesville, Va.
I left Cherry Valley the 16th of Jan. I staid in Albany two days. our Regt left Albany the day before I got there and I had 15 boys with me to take care of. I staid in N.Y. three days and then the Regt left for the Island last Thursday. . . .
our Otsego Regt got smashed up in Albany and part of them went with the artilery and part of them went the 76th. when the Regt got broke up they transfered me back to Capt Youngs. we have about eleven hundred men now in our Regt. J.F. Newell is here with us. I have got no position yet.
we are going to leave here two morrow and I will write as soon as we stationed. you must excuse me for not writing before for I did not know how long we should stay here. . . . give my love to all inquiring friends.
One month after being discharged from the 12th NY for being only 15, George M. Guernsey enlisted in the 76th NYV claiming to be 18; mustered in as corporal 76th NY V's Co. D Oct. 4, 1861; returned to ranks, April 25, 1862; died of disease, Aug. 2, 1862, at hospital near Falmouth, Va. Theron C. Guernsey, age 19, enrolled Sept. 14, 1861, at Freetown, mustered in as corporal, Co. D, 76th NYV, Oct. 4, 1861; promoted sergeant, Oct. 1, 1863; re-enlisted as a veteran, Jan. 2, 1864; promoted first sergeant, March 16, 1864; wounded in action, May 11, 1864, at Laurel Hill, Va.; mustered in as first lieutenant, Co. C, Aug. 22, 1864; captured in action, Oct. 1, 1864, at Poplar Grove Church, Va.; paroled, no date; discharged, May 18, 1865.
here we are on a lonely Isle in the harbor of New York, called Riker Island. we left N.Y. last tuesday and came here to be paid off and today thursday the 23rd we received our pay (38.13) thirty eight dollars and thirteen cents. George and I send home by our first Lieut. fifty dollars he will leave the letter to Barbers. I send 25 and George 25.
We are some twelve miles from New York City. we do not know how long we shall stay here, it may be four or five weeks. it is a pleasant place here. we started from New York about eleven oclock. it was mighty cold coming down here. we got here about three oclock. we had no dinner at all. we was here till the next day about night with out fire some got pretty cold, but I stood it pretty well. we are some twelve miles up the East River. we expect to join some expedition, but do not know for certain.
I thought I would write you a few lines in this letter. I am well as I can be and weigh 160 lbs. I was weighed last Monday night at Barnums Museum. G.W. Hawley and I run the guard that night and got back without being discovered. we saw all the sights in the Museum, the Whale, big beard, Hippolamous, seal the fat woman also the theatre and every thing you can think of even old P T Barnum himself.
On saturday I went all around the city. on the Island where we are we can see all kind of craft from the three masted ship down to the one masted cutter and from the great steam ships down to the little steam tugs. thare is about 75 acres in this Island. I walkd around it once or twice every day. it is good exerise.
when we came here we passed Blackwells Island. I could see the convicts to work breakin the rocks. they had striped clothes on. they looks pretty cold. we are pretty near long Island. Flushing a place on it is in sight of heare. This Island belongs to the Col Riker and is named after him.
At Greene, Edgar W. Jones mustered in Nov. 8, 1861 with Co. B, 76th NYV; left Nov. 28 on sick furlough at Pitcher, N.Y.; rejoined the 76 at Rikers Island by Jan. 30, 1862. He was with the 76 from then to August 1862. He died of Typhoid Fever Sept. 12, 1862 at Emory U.S. General Hospital, D.C.
I received your kind Leter 23rd and was vary gad to hear from you and here that our folkes was all well. . . . father give my best respect to aunt lucy and the great general you sed that you sent me to papers but I have not recved eny of them. I Sent $51 home but you had not gat that when you riton.
We are again to live for new york and then we shall start from there for washingon on the Cars. you Can write and if we go the Leters will be forwarded on to me. give my best respct to all of girles. tell bill dakey that I will write to him rite a way. . . I have rote all of the news I Can think of.
Edward James, 19, enlisted Sept. 14, 1861, at Freetown; mustered in with Co. D Oct. 4 at Cortland; captured Aug. 29, 1862, at Bull Run, Va.; paroled; reenlisted as a veteran, Jan. 2, 1864; killed May 5, 1864, at the Battle of the Wilderness, Va.
I take the opertuenty to writ to you and let you (know) that I am well at present. Henry and Luther are well to and enjoy good helth. we all go to leave here tomorrow we are going on to Washington and I have drawn my pae and I am going to send home $25 doolers . . . .
we left Albany the 12th of January at 5 o'clock at nite and we got to New York Januare the 13 1862. We staid thar to New York over Sundy and Mond and tuesty we left for Rikers Island and we stay till this time and we started for Washinton to morrow and this probebly this will be the last time that I will have the opertuent of writing to you again and if it ant the last time that I have to writ home you must not writ untill I writ agane and tell you all have to direct your leters . . . .
Yesterday we got our pay I will send mine home today in the care of H. Sears Lieu Mead takes it to New York City and he will see it safe so that you will get it
John Lindsey, 18, a laborer and student, enlisted Oct. 12, 1861, at Cortland; mustered in with Co. F Oct. 18, 1861; died of typhoid fever, June 27, 1862, near Fredericksburg, Va.
I drawed $32 dollars 20 of it i will Send home when I pay for my Knife and for some money that i borrowed to by paper and Stamps with I will have $29 left I will Keep 9$ to by paper ink and get my boots fixed with I want to by a inlain rubber blanket that will cost me 1.40 i will Keep the rest so not to be out of money again
we are on a island and do not expect to go off in 2 months I have got to see to my money being sent to you now and have not got me to write any more as soon as I get some ink and paper I will write a good long letter to you write as soon as you can my love to all Mother Fus Sarah John Franky and you
William Henry Galpin, 19, a farm laborer, enlisted Sept. 21, 1861, at Homer; mustered in with Co. G Oct. 5, 1861; wounded in action, July 1, 1863, at Gettysburg, Pa.; re-enlisted as a veteran, March 30, 1864; died, June 26, 1864, at a field hospital from wounds received in action June 18, 1864 near Petersburg, Va. The family lived in a house in Homer purchased with Henry's re-enlistment bounty.
I am penn in hand to Wright you A few lines. I am well and I hope that you are and son I will Comence to tell you. I got my pay yesterday and I Sent you twenty Doolars to you and i want you to Wright and let one now Whether you got it ok.
We left Albeny the 17th for New York and when we got on the Cares and the Streets was Crowded fool and when we got into york the Streets was fool. we stade in new york three days and then we started for Riker Iland. About three or fore miles down the river on the Iland is hone houre and thare is About Eighty Acors in it and we Came down the river on a Steamer and we Can see the Sailes boats and Steamers goin up and down and I Cam out on the beach and we have grate times and now we have got our pay son. I got tired sighting a good by
William Wallace Hadley 29, a rugged farmer, enlisted at Jasper, NY, and mustered in with Company K in July 1863. He was captured on May 6, 1864 in the Battle of the Wilderness, Va. Paroled in 1864, he was discharged Sept. 8, 1865 at Elmira, N.Y. Never fully recovered physically, he resided in Jasper until his death at age 70 on June 16, 1905.
I take this time to write to you to let you know that I am well at preseant. we expect that we Shall leve here to day for Elixeandry and from their the army of the Patomach to face old Lees army. we Shall take bote at 4 this after noon.
their is five of us that tents togeather Charles Hardy and Sturet, Smally from Dewite Sanderson from Pratsberg. all of the boys from three town they are all real cleaver fellows. we are in compeny I 76 NY.
their is lots of robin goin on hear. their was one man had his pocket all cut to pices last night. their was to come to our tent on the Side whare I Slept and cut the rope off and began to reach under and I ris up and saw him at work. I then woke up Smalley and he rose up and Saw him we Sat still and saw him work we then gat our knife out and tride to to Stab him and he left. the order is to mark the men that is round after haf past nine he then went to the next tent and cut one rope their.
when one of our company Struck him over the head with his boot and then he runover on the other Street and tride it again he was Served the Same as before and one of the men took after him and he run the gard. the gard tride to stop him but couldent.
I like here first rate. it is healthy here. there is one Sick and he was wehen he came here. it is salt watter all around. 20.00 dollars to you by Express it to Adison NY . . . their aint any postofice here only to Send when their is Some one goin. . . .
Leander T. Jones, age 18, enlisted Sept., 1861, at Harford; mustered in with Co. F, 76th NYV, Oct. 4, 1861; admitted to Blackwell Island Hospital, NY, Sept. 1, 1862 suffering from Typhoid Fever and died there Oct. 2, 1862.
I have waited this long in the hope of receiving a letter from you but not getting one I concluded I would write to you. When I wrote you last I wrote from Riker Island telling you we would probably stay there several weeks well we were happily disappointed, for the next day we were ordered to Washington, we here dont know one day what we will do the next we are all as well as common except Dan Tanner who is rather over the hedge, nothing serious though.
We are in tents now, ha! ha!! ha!!! I wish you could see us here four of us in a tent with a stove and the necessary cooking utensils (which cost us about $1.00 a piece we live better than you think our stove keeps us warm while at the same time we can do our cooking in good style it is not very cold here, but little snow on the ground we dont do enough to circulate our blood
Albert Taintor came here last night he is here yet he is here yet I have had a talk with him he is encamped about 12 miles from here on Upton Hill Va. . . . .
Herman D. Smith, 20, enlisted Sept. 19, 1861, at Cortland; mustered in with Co. A Oct. 4, 1861; promoted corporal prior to Feb., 1863; killed in action, July 1, 1863, at Gettysburg, Pa.
we recd yours to Day and was glad to hear that you were well we recd our pay to day from the time we were sworn in, October 4th up to the first of January and we send 45 Dollars Home by Express the only safe way to send it $20 comes from me 10 of which will pay the Doc do as you see fit with the rest
we are on an Island 8 miles E.N.E. of N.Y City we dig clams an Bake them and when we want Oysters we go Down when the tide is out and knock them off the rocks.
we dont know when we shall leave here or where we shall go but expect to join an expedition on the Ocean we are in Long Island Sound now but I must close, write as soon as you receive the money direct it to N.Y. and they will forward we are both well my throat is entirely well. I have a slight cold.
Ere this reaches you we shall be on our way to Washington, we start to morrow at ten A.M. go to N.Y. By Steamboat and from there by R.R. We sent $45 to you by Capt Fox to Cortland and from there by mail. . . .
I am glad we are going off this Island for the water is not fit to drink here. Brackish and more or less salt we can not buy anything here with out paying exorbitant prices apples sell quickly at 5 ct a piece, Pies we cant get at any price, the hotel Keeper baked about a 100 the other day and the Boys made a rush and took them all away from him the most of them paid him afterward, so he did not loose any thing. if a Pedlar come on the Ground he can get any price he is a mind to ask for his wares.
Money is no object, a Boot Seller came here and sold a cheap Article for 4.50 per pair the Col arrested him and he Paid back 1.25 on a pair rather than take them back.
Write soon and tell all the news at Tully we are well as usual and do not suffer for anything now that we have money. There are lots of nice shells here I wish I could send some to Allie and Agnes If you answer this direct to N.Y. and write please forward on the Envelope
I am in possession of a picture of my grandfather in a group of officers in front of prison gates. He was a Sing Sing guard from the late 1930s until the early 1960s.
Perhaps some visitors to your web site can identify the photo for me -- date, place and occasion or circumstances.
My Grandfather is the third from the left, in the second row. His cap is pulled pulled low on his brow. His name was Hobart Atkinson Gilmore. Born Oct. 23, 1891, he died in 1982. The picture has just surfaced.
My grandparents used to live on Clinton Avenue in Ossining. The house number was in the low 70s. I can remember that, when I was a small child visiting my grandparents, we used to drive by the prison.
I wish that I knew more but I can gladly tell you what I know. I have this same picture hanging in my mom's bedroom. My dad is the third person from the right in the second row and must be in his early 20s.
My dad, Marshall Yerry, was born April 7, 1907 in Phoenicia. That's in the Catskill Mountains of New York.
I know for sure that the picture is from Sing Sing prison as my dad was a guard there. I am not sure of the dates that he was there but I am working on getting that.
I remember that my dad also told me that he managed (or coached) the Sing Sing prison baseball team and that they used to play the Yankees. My dad did say that he had played in the minor leagues on a farm team for the St. Louis Browns.
After my dad left Sing Sing, he became a police officer with the Bronxville, NY police department and retired from there on a disability in 1947.
In the first row, to the far right, is my grandfather -- Bernard Smyth -- who was a prison guard at Sing Sing from 1928 to his death in 1945.
Our winner for last months challenge is Sammibug!! Please contact Janet and she will hook ya up with your prizes:)
Imke used the digi stamp "Kat" from our Sponsor this week: Simply Betty Stamps. Perfect for earthy colors ;-)
Internet sensation Grace Helbig has transitioned from the internet to television with The Grace Helbig Show on E!. Helbig’s show has an innovative format where she combines guest interviews with fan interactions from social media. At the NBC summer press tour, Helbig explained her experience in moving to television and what her loyal fans can look forward to.
Yeah. I’m trying to create a show that isn’t out there right now, I, myself, and not any other host. So I think that sets the show apart from the start.
I’m really trying to create something that feels familiar as a nighttime talk show, but is a hybrid of what I do in the digital space. I’m trying to create a television show that feels interactive, that feels personal, and that feels intimate so that the audience that already watches my YouTube videos can come to television and feel not so, I guess, unfamiliar with what they are seeing, but also at the same time feel like they are seeing a television show — they are not seeing a Web series brought to TV. They are seeing something that feels big enough and rich enough and full enough and fully thought‑out, that fits on a television screen. And, yeah, that’s what we’re trying to do.
One of the biggest challenges is working with other human beings. I make Web videos all by myself. I write them. I shoot them. I’m in them. I edit them. I post them. I promote them. And when you make a television show, there are other people that do those jobs, it turns out. I don’t have to wear so many hats, which is really wonderful. And I feel surrounded by people that are really, really good at those jobs. And at the same time are really, really interested in maintaining the voice that I cultivated online, and the point of view and respecting that and bringing that to television in a more elevated way. So collaboration has been ‑‑ it’s been a new form of collaboration for me. But I’m really, really excited about the outcome.
Sure. There are things that I don’t think are disinteresting to me. I am just not the most comfortable talking about them, and that would be religion and politics. I think there are a lot of other people in the television space that do a good job talking about that. Instead, I like talking about people’s allergies and what makes them afraid and what did they tweet this morning and what music did they listen to before they went to bed last night and talking to humans about being humans, I think, is most interesting. And also being able to have a platform to mix Internet personalities that you see on YouTube with traditional media celebrities that you see on TV and in films and in commercials and finding out what it’s like when those types of people hang out with each other and being like the conduit between those two worlds is one of the things I really hope to accomplish.
Oh, I’m very much involved. My face is in it ‑‑ that’s part of it ‑‑ and my voice. And everyone that’s been working on the creative side of things has been really respectful and making sure that I’m okay with everything to the point that, you know, coming from the Internet, there’s this whole idea that network television is this big bad wolf, and it’s going to change me, it’s going to make me different than what I am. The experience with E! has been so not that, that it’s weird. I feel like I’m being pranked in some way because they have been so accommodating to giving me creative freedom and letting me maintain the tone that I have on the Internet, on their television network[…].
They are all very different things. My favorite part is making something that I’m not embarrassed by, making content that I feel is creative and it’s interesting and it’s something I’m proud of, and something also that doesn’t embarrass my family or my friends or my heritage in any way. And they have all been really great outlets to do that in different ways.
I didn’t necessarily set out to make this television show when I was born, you know. I loved television and wanted to be a part of it when I discovered that I wanted to pursue comedy. But then the Internet thing, kind of took off for me career-wise, and that’s where a lot of my attention had gone in the past few years. And this project very organically came about through a receptionist at a production company who loved my YouTube videos, showing her boss the videos, and his inviting me in for a meeting and then talking from there.
And it felt so organic that it seemed right. And I come from an Improv background. So saying yes to things is kind of inherent in my blood now especially — yes to things that makes sense. And so these have all been situations, “Camp Takota” included, where projects happened relatively spontaneously, and I said yes to them, and they have been working out pretty well.
Oh, absolutely. That’s ‑‑ the biggest goal I have in this show is trying to make a television show feel interactive because what I love about the digital space and I think what has been its advantage and allowed it to grow so drastically and dramatically is the intimacy you have with the content‑creator, the conversations that are two‑way that you can have between content‑creator and audience and back and forth.
I’ve already reached out and asked people on Twitter and on Facebook how should I sign off from the show, what kind of art should be in the house, what questions should I ask, Aisha Tyler. And they have already been so excited to feel like they are a part of it. And to me the most important part is my audience; they are not only my friends, but they are also my boss at the same time — and making sure that they feel like they are included throughout the process.
I know I, as a human being, am very fascinated with what’s happening behind the scenes and how something comes to be. And so I really want to make the show transparent on that level so that they see the crew. They see the cables on the floor. They see that I’m not trying to cover up that there is a television crew making the show with me. Instead I’m trying to show that that’s part of it and embrace it and celebrate it and turn it into a part of the show.
I think the biggest drivers are to really make them feel like their voice is heard, to feel like they can be a part of it, that their questions get answered, that their ideas get tested, that they feel like it’s a friend that they’re hanging out with.
I know I’m an introvert by nature and going out on the weekend doesn’t necessarily appeal to me. So I want those people that don’t necessarily want to go out to feel like they have a place to go on Fridays at 10:30 on E! following “The Soup.” That they can ‑‑ that they can hang in with me, and it’s just as much fun as going out because I know making Web videos online has been just as much fun as performing live in comedy theaters all throughout New York, if not more fun. And I want people to really feel comfortable and that it’s a friend that they come back to every week and that they have a party to go to every Friday night.
Are there people that you are going to be able to talk to or work with now who may not have been available when you were on the Internet?
I hope so. I really, really, really want The Rock to come on the show. I think that he’s cool. I think that he just seems like a very warm, welcoming, say‑yes personality that I really resonate with. I also think he uses social media really well. If you are on Instagram, look him up because he uses so much hash tags that it’s very hilarious. He also takes his treadmill with him when he travels and brings it to hotel rooms, which I find very charming. And he’s also had a nontraditional career trajectory that I think is really interesting and, obviously, very relatable for me. And so I’d love to just sit down and have a conversation with him, also sit down and just feel tiny next to him. I think that would be really fun.
I am right now focused on creating a show that’s not terrible. I want to make something that people want to watch and that they want to see more of. I think it might not be the best use of my energy to think too far in the future; so I’m trying to stay pretty present and work on the content that we’ve already put together and how we can make it better and be really, really, really happy with everything we put together so far. I saw the first cut, the first episode a few hours ago, and I loved it. And it’s very rare for me to be so proud of something so quickly, but I feel really proud[…].
As the leader in China WPC industry, Seven Trust is selling its WPC products to over 100 countries and areas in the world, such as America, Britain, Russia, South Africa, Thailand, India, Germany, Spain, Finland, Australia etc., winning good praise from the clients.
WPC Wood Polymer Composite looks like wood even better than wood.shopinterio.com is provider of cheapeat price in WPC Board online with famous brands like Alstone and E3.
Unsourced material may people in the flooring industry starts referring to WPC as a type of claim that wood plastic composite is more environmentally
Installation Wpc Deck. Case India; Case Standard WPC composite decking boards are made of recycled . willing to install it. a material that moves a lot
It is an upward trend for WPC board manufacturer in India as the customers using Red, Blue, Orange, Yellow, White and Dark a thermoplastic material,
If you want to build a deck for your garden or veranda using white composite WPC material has many kinds of color for 7.Composite panel manufacturers in India;
We are one of most foremost Manufacturer of WPC Sheets in the world which is made of super quality WPC Sheets, WPC Sign Boards, PVC Sign Boards, WPC Foam Board
Manufacturer of WPC Sheets PVC Sheets For Furniture, WPC qualitymaterial resourced Doors WPC Supplier in India WPC Profile Manufacture Wood
teknowpcboards.com WPC Boards Tekno WPC boards is the most quality made supplier of Wood Plastic Composite in India. Tekno WPC boards offered by us
Buy Alstone PVC Hybrid Board mm, Frosty White online at low price in India on WPC Art Jaali PVC, x Ft Wood Polymer Composite This new material had the appearance
They say Memorial Day is the official start of summer. Well, here we are! School is finally out and summer has begun. Time for family vacations, picnics, lazy afternoons, catching up with friends, hanging by the pool, casting out a line at the lake, curling up with your favorite book in a hammock…you name it. Whatever you choose, it’s all the same feeling. It’s how you Free Yourself. It is how you Get Grounded.
But, why do we wait for one week of vacation out of the entire year to experience these things? We live in a fast-paced world, stressed with hectic routines every day, and sometimes we are even miserable with our work. Of course, we know work is necessary, but it’s all about that balance. If you can do what you love, find your passion in life, you actually never “work!” When you become satisfied with life’s simple pleasures like family, nature, friends, you realize you don’t need all these material things. Suddenly, you Free Yourself! When we learn to slow down and find time to enjoy all these simple, fun, memorable activities all throughout the year, we realize what life is all about. We find contentment in the little things of life. No longer do we have to wait till summer, let’s implement all these things in our lives all throughout the year. That’s Barefoot Nation.
Moon phase, a magical magical feature on the watch. Placing the moon-shape on watch as if it had a meeting with the moon fulling poetic and interesting. At the 2017 SIHH Geneva Haute Horlogerie Salon, IWC Da Vinci series can be described as brilliant watch. Exquisite round case, new removable lugs and other designs shine itself. Re-defining the style of classic timepieces in the 1980s is a re-convergence of traditional design and modern aesthetics of this brand and Da Vinci Moon Phase watch 36 is the one of this style.
At the 1969 Basel Jewellery & Watch Fair, the debut of the Da Vinci watch with a technical look: hexagon gold case, gold bracelet, and long time scale completely subverted the aesthetic standards, and make it the best-selling watch immediately.
However, the global economy has deteriorated and the value of money and gold prices have risen sharply. In order to solve this problem, IWC launched the SL series in 1976 including the classic Da Vinci watch, so the name of Da Vinci is also hidden in the series. After a long time in 2017, the brand relaunched the Da Vinci series– a refreshing classic watch in this year.
The traits of watch: 36 mm diameter case, moon phase profit, loss display complications and semicircular crowns, and shows an implicit and luxurious style seeming simple and generous or rich in content.
Polished beautiful watch case is hard and gentle presenting a unique glow of stainless steel with a wonderful touching.
Steel crown with non-slip texture design reflects a perfect operation guaranteeing the precise debugging of the watch.
Removable watch lugs feels comfortable to wrist. And it’s nice to connect the watch to the strap adding luster to the overall appreciation of watch.
The secret craft design of the watch makes it very safe to protect the movement. Engraved with the “Flower of Life” decoration, case back cover symbolizes the perfect combination of creativity, design and aesthetics. Equipped with the IWC 35800 self-winding movement, the power reserve is approximately 42 hours.
In deep color and rich content, the dark blue Santoni crocodile leather strap offers a more comfortable wearing. With a stainless steel folding clasp, it can better protect the watch on the wrist and does not easily fall off.
With respect for the brand’s classic timepiece, Da Vinci series watch is exquisite and bold facing everyone with a new attitude. This exquisite and simple watch is the outstanding timepiece paying a tribute to father for love.
Search 20 single family homes for rent in saint davids, pennsylvania find saint davids apartments, condos, townhomes, single family homes, and much more. Looking for a latin singer in the saint david, me area gigmasters will help you choose the best local event vendors start here. That the connection with saint david goes back a and possibly the deity albius recorded in a single inscription from a celtic albios or vulgar latin.
Singles give more subscribe st dasius st dasius st dathus st datianus st datius st datius st dacius st dativus st dativus st datus st david st. Rhygyvarch's life of st david it also notes that david was nicknamed the aquatic, a latin translation of the yoke, which with single mind you. David-simon dayan jesse saint john ready to step into the spotlight with his debut single, by danger and dancing through your pain,” saint john.
David e kelley discusses his return to the “david turned the courtroom into he is experimenting with focusing on a single case in the course of. Saint david (welsh: dewi sant latin: davidus c 500 – c 589) was a welsh bishop of mynyw (now st davids) during the 6th century he was later regarded as a saint. Saint michael the archangel (hebrew pronunciation: the shield may bear the latin inscription quis ut deus he may be standing over a serpent,. Flingcom - world's best casual personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy photos, personals and more.
Latino dating site - meet latino singles on amigoscom meet latino singles - sign up today to browse single latino women and single latino men - browse. Black singles | asian singles | latin dating try our saint-david-d'yamaska dating service today matchmakercom is one of the oldest saint-david-d'yamaska online dating services on the. Sex movies in saint david, illinois, united states, date online singles in saint david, illinois. Discover the largest music database and marketplace in the world buy and sell vinyl and cds with collectors across the globe complete your collection. St david's cathedral st davids cathedral (welsh: eglwys gadeiriol in 1090, the welsh scholar rhigyfarch wrote his latin life of david,.
Saint david's is an elementary school for boys of all faiths whose parents seek a school program rooted in the moral and theological traditions of the catholic church located in new york. 22 single family homes for sale in saint david az view pictures of homes, review sales history, and use our detailed filters to find the perfect place. Need a latin dj in saint david use our directory of saint david djs to find the perfect latin dj for your party. Saint david's catholic church, scranton, pennsylvania religious organization.
Festivals hot 100 billboard 200 latin podcasts pop r&b/hip-hop chart as david byrne and judas priest assume the leads of the the new album's lead single,. Saint david and saint david's day adapted from a talk given at oiccu meeting point, in regent's park college, monday, 28th february 1994 if you were lucky enough to be in wales on march. Using the ancient liturgy as our well-spring, we form our priests in the traditions of the church to serve at the altar and in the parish. Looking for a latin singer in the saint david, il area gigmasters will help you choose the best local event vendors start here.
Welcome to traditional catholic singles we are a catholic match making website for traditional catholic singles we offer a traditional catholic dating. Young adult ministry (18-35 single and married) marta vargas. A destination for relaxation, indulgence, and leisure on cardiff bay, the principal st david's hotel is an acclaimed cardiff hotel just two hours from. Meet saint david singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in saint david.
Enter your name and email address below to get free instant access to 40016 powerful affirmations, an easy to use list builder and a dedicated and supportive community! Start Now!
A Repository for Data from NMR Spectroscopy on Proteins, Peptides, Nucleic Acids, and other Biomolecules Member of
Copyright © 2015-2018. André Correia. All Rights Reserved. All views are my own.	Theme by Colorlib Powered by WordPress
This is another street snap I took while at the club on Tuesday. I'm always on the look out for guys' fashions because they're either repetitive (like a trendy uniform) or rare - like this guy who stood out in the club scene. He reminds me of George, my little gay brother I never had, who plays Zelda and hangs out at student cafes - hence the hipster meets geek. Half the time, though, he lacks the fashion sense to go with the title.
So this guy not only stood out, his suspenders and neutral palette inspired me. On the left side is cute and casual shorts while the right side is a bit more sophisticated. I'm not big on wearing khaki because it's always carried a work-uniform feel but I wanted to stay true to his outfit. There are ways to break the uniform, though, like adding a sequin shirt and suspenders. And a bow tie - I feel like a bow tie would have completed his outfit.
BTW those are jelly bracelets in the background. I've seen a lot of jelly watches around the net so I'm starting a syndicate to bring back jelly bracelets. I loved those things in high school!
Not to be cliche but I had one of those Fun Fashion Fridays. It started at the Top Hat & Tutus Party thrown by The Fashionistas for the Summer Issue of La Mode Dallas Magazine. The dress code was very Alice in Wonderland but while a few people didn't get the memo, they still looked good.
I'll be posting the Alice in Wonderland pictures later as well as pictures from the girlShow Fashion Show that took place later that night. My heels barely made it through the night! I told you: Fun Fashion Friday
I found some great photos I had forgotten about. Some were framed. I was taking them out of frames, scanning them, and putting them in a folder for safekeeping.
The frames are piled nearby, ready for the antique mall booth. The cardboard and paper that went with them were in the recycle pile. I carried it out to the bin this morning. One piece of cardboard turned over and I recognized my grandma's handwriting. Here's what it said:
This frame is staying, along with Grandma's note. Is this not the best example ever of the importance of labeling your work - whether it is a treasured frame or a quilt? She's been gone for years but I know she would be delighted that her reminder worked.
That is really special. I'm so happy you found her note and recognized it. Thanks for sharing it with us!
baking beer breakfast cakes candles champagne cheese chili chilling chocolate coffee cooking dessert dinner drinks Eating outside flowers greek grill hammock ice cream indian lunch meal ouzo party roast salad sauna seafood steak sun sushi wine
The Kerala State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has held a pharmacy guilty of deficiency in service for supplying the wrong medicine to a client, which led to medical complications.
Dismissing an appeal filed by the owner of the pharmacy against a District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum order, the Commission directed the defendant to pay the complainant a compensation of Rs. 25,000.
Sreevidya had approached the District Forum saying she had been prescribed Moxigram-P eye drops along with other medicines after a cataract surgery. On checking the medicines purchased from the pharmacy, Sreevidya’s husband found that the pharmacy had supplied Moxigram instead of Moxigram-P. He checked with the pharmacist, who told him that both Moxigram and Moxigram-P were the same, and Moxigram would not cause any problems.
However, Sreevidya developed irritation, pain and oedema in the eye. When she consulted a doctor, she was told that it was because she had used Moxigram, which was lacking the steroid Preemistone.
After going through all the evidence, the Forum felt the case was well-founded, and ruled in favour of Sreevidya.
The first Friday Night Dinner that is actually on time! Tonight we are making Rocky Road Cookies for Dean! Recipe after the break
SOOKIE: [singing] Cookies for the love and the Dean and the cookies for the love and the Dean and the cookies for the love and the . . .
Move to a larger bowl and add marshmallows, lolly raspberries, peanuts and chocolate. Mix in until all combined.
All in half the flour and mix with a spatula until all combined. Then add the rest of the flour and mix it in!
Split the mixture in half and knead on a lightly floured surface. Mine didn’t want to be one piece but hopefully yours will! Keep the dough as cold as possible and try not to over knead.
Only it’s holding it’s shape (even if it’s not you can improvise), roll it in to two log shapes and wrap tightly in glad wrap. Do the same with the other half of the dough. You should have 4 logs in total.
Take dough out of fridge and unwrap. Cut the log into 1 cm slices, approximately 12 cookies per log.
Place the cookies on tray, make sure they are not touching. They shouldn’t spread but distance is still good!
Bake cookies for 10 to 15 minutes until the marshamllows has melted a bit and the cookies have started to brown.
a year in my life as a gilmore girldean forresterfriday night dinnergilmore girlsrocky road cookiessookie st james
New Earring Monday '15: Weeks 3 & 4 - Hello all...looks like I am back to designing! And I have my friend, Sarajo of Sj Designs Jewelry to thank for it! You see, she tagged me to post something...
Time to move on methinks - For a multitude of reasons, I've decided to move my blogging activity to a new blog as part of my own web site. I've had increasing difficulty in posting ...
HIPAA COMPLIANCE Notice of Privacy Practices This Notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 http://cheapdentalclinicsanjosec26048.bloginwi.com/8590964/hipaa-compliant-dental-office-in-newark-and-san-jose-california
How could it be in case 1 day that you awake in the afternoon and uncover an I pad 7 and retained beside you personally? Wouldn’t you really be amazed? I am confident that you may feel in cloud and that’s natural. Similarly, below are some definite iPad trade in http://kenneth-acuna.jigsy.com/entries/general/some-interesting-and-indecent-truth-about-ipad-give-away
﻿ motorcycle injury claim legal assistance in Maryland From Schleifman Law | Social Bookmarking - Sagargola
A motorcycle accident lawyer will be able to handle your case should you be unable to work or earn money to support yourself. Schleifman Law can assist you with any case or dispute that involves you claiming a compensation amount for injuries sustained. Should the motorcycle accident not be your fault, we will help you with the legalities and all the administrative tasks relating to your case.
Pligg is an open source content management system that lets you easily create your own user-powered website.
The variation during development in the following characters of Lithobius microps is described: body-length, head-length, ratio head-length/body-length and head-length/ head-width, number of coxal pores, ocelli, antennal articles and teeth on forcipular coxosternite, projections on tergites 9, 11 and 13, spinulation on the last pair of legs, accessory apical claws on the 15th pair of legs, genitalia and the pattern on the cephalic shield. Also the difference between male and female and the correlation with size within each post-larval stadium are given. The boundary between juvenile and adult stadia, the number of post-larval stadia and the geographical variation in the number of antennal articles and coxal pores are discussed.
Cladistic relationships among higher groups of Heteroptera: congruence between morphological and molecular data sets
The study of the Poduromorpha fauna of a sample from Paraná State, Brazil, and multiple samples from high altitude mountains of Southeast Brazil provided important data on Hypogastruridae, including a new record for Brazil of Ceratophysella engadinensis (Gisin 1949) and two new species belonging to Xenylla Tullberg 1869, X. manuelae sp.n. and X. wandae sp.n. These last present a pair of remarkable creased cuticular structures on abdominal tergite IV, apparently unique among the genus. In addition, a new species of Pseudachorutinae, Cephalachorutes anneae sp.n., is the first Neotropical record of Cephalachorutes Bedos & Deharveng 1991, corroborating its holotropical distribution. The set of characteristics displayed by this new species required the expansion of the genus diagnosis.
Our Biospecimen and Data Management Core will be utilized by all the Research Projects in our Center. All three Research Projects aim to identify mechanisms by which tumor cells, metastatic to regional lymph nodes, interface with the host immune system to perturb systemic immunity to induce global immune tolerance. While we will methodically study this process in murine models (Project 1), analysis of human tumor and lymph node specimens is paramount for two primary reasons. The first reason is to ensure the translation of the murine discovery approach to human disease. The second reason is to facilitate the discovery of critical mediators of tumor-induced immunosuppression directly from the human samples, then follow with functional validation in our murine models. Hence it is critical that we establish the necessary infrastructure to procure viable human tumor specimens and autologous immune tumorinfiltrating immune cells. Importantly, matched sets of fresh primary tumor cells, metastatic tumor cells, tumor-infiltrating immune cells (from the primary tumor and the lymph nodes) and circulating immune cells will be collected to address the hypotheses and goals of the Research Projects. Furthermore, in this shared core, a database of clinical annotation (aka clinical metadata) for these matched samples will be created and maintained. This clinical metadata is critical for interpretation of our molecular and imaging data given tumor and patient heterogeneity and will likely provide important insight into how the data generated by the proposed projects may be used to guide treatment and predict outcome. Our proposed Biospecimen and Data Management Core that will focus on collecting tissue and collating all the molecular data on our two index cancer models: melanoma and head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC).
John Sunwoo M.D., Ph.D. is Professor of Otolaryngology (Head and Neck Surgery). Dr Sunwoo received his undergraduate degree from Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island and his medical degree from Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri. He completed his training in Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery at Washington University. Dr. Sunwoo has been at Stanford University since 2008, and his clinical focus is on the surgical management of head and neck cancer, specifically focusing on melanoma and neoplasms of the thyroid and parathyroid glands. He is a member of the Pigmented Lesions and Melanoma Clinic and the Melanoma Working Group at Stanford. He is also the co-founder of the Stanford Thyroid and Parathyroid Tumor Board.
In addition to his clinical work, Dr. Sunwoo is the Director of Head and Neck Cancer Research at Stanford University and the principal investigator of an NIH-funded laboratory in the Stanford Cancer Institute. His research is focused on three primary areas: (1) the immune response to cancer, particularly a tumorigenic population of cells within malignancies called cancer stem cells; (2) the biology and developmental programs of a special lymphocyte population involved in innate immunity called natural killer (NK) cells; and (3) intra-tumor and inter-tumor heterogeneity in head and neck cancer. A major focus of the Sunwoo lab is the study of natural killer (NK) cells, a special lymphocyte population critically involved in the innate immune response to viral infections and malignancy. They are interested in understanding the regulation of NK cell development, homeostasis, and effector functions. One such regulator of these processes is the aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR), a cytoplasmic receptor that binds numerous endogenous and exogenous ligands. They recently showed that these small molecule ligands can modulate NK cell homeostasis and anti-tumor functions.
An overarching goal of the lab is to understand how the immune system interfaces with and protects against developing and metastasizing tumor cells, especially a rare population of tumor-initiating cells called cancer stem cells. In these studies, they utilize human and mouse models of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) and melanoma. The lab is investigating novel mechanisms by which malignant cells can alert the immune system at the earliest stages of transformation. The lab also studies how regulators of genetic networks control the behavioral features of a subset of cells with stem cell–like properties. These cells are more resilient and have the ability to metastasize and are more resistant to chemotherapy and radiation therapy. A particularl interest is identifying mechanisms by which these tumor-initiating cells can selectively suppress the host immune response and understanding how to overcome these immunosuppressive properties.
Andrew Gentles, Ph.D. is Assistant Professor of Medicine (Biomedical Informatics Research) Dr. Gentles has been part of the Stanford ICBP for the past 8 years serving as Scientific Program Manager for the past 5 years. He lead the CCSB Data Integration and Analytics Core, creating a focal point for sharing data and facilitating collaborations between the different groups in the previous CCSB center and he co-leads the Data Core for the new center. Dr. Gentles developed prognostic signatures based on genomic data for AML, specifically the influence of leukemic stem cells, lung cancer, and large cell lymphoma. His research interests are in systems biology of cancer, integration/analysis of proteomic and genomic data to computationally infer biological insights about molecular pathways, analysis of next-generation sequencing data.
*Because rates may vary outside of the range, please confirm applicable rates online or via telephone.
HotelGuide and HotelGuide Berlin are service marks of MetroGuide.com, Inc. HotelGuide Network is a registered service mark of MetroGuide.com, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. MetroGuide.com, Inc. does not own or operate hotel properties.
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief. ~ Cicero Dear Everybody, What is a friend? To me it is someone who knows our faults and still sees … Continue reading →
Posted in Relationships	| Tagged family relationships, friends, friendship, Thanksgiving	| Leave a comment
Salterio virtuoso Begoña is most elegantly presented on her world debut recording, performed at La Monasterio de la Santa Espina, Valladolid, Spain. She performs numerous medieval works on 7 different psalteries, all of them beautifully handcrafted by her husband, world renowned lutier, Carlos Paniagua. Also participating are percussionist Pedro Estevan, J. C. de Mulder and Daniel Carranza collectively on vihuela, barroque guitar and thiorba. Medieval music which is exotic yet modern in feel.
In our efforts to make for a more colorful sonic and musical experience, MA Recordings introduces the "Emerald Audiophile Series". It is well known among concerned audiophiles that light refractions of the optical laser thru the polycarbonate universally used in compact discs can make for a less than accurate reading of the digital musical content.
MA's "Emerald Audiophile Series" discs are actually made with a dark green polycarbonate, to help alleviate the potential problems associated with internal light refraction and enable a more accurate reading of the digital data from the optical disc, delivering the music with more finesse, and ultimately the original intention of the performer(s) and producer.
Back in the early 1800's, 10 years before Missouri became a state, Ira Nash travelled west and settled on the banks of the Missouri River. There he founded the town of Nashville.
On April 22, 1834, a group of 17 local Christians met at James Cunningham's home where they formed the Nashville Baptist Church. Shortly after that they erected a building of pecan logs that housed the fledgling congregation.
A flood wiped out the town of Nashville in 1844 but spared the log church that was situated on higher ground. Still a move to yet higher ground was needed and so the church relocated further away from the river, in the village the post office had dubbed Sapp. Now the area is included in the Ashland zip code. But farmers called it Whoop-up because of the steep hill where they would really have to "whoop-up" their mules to pull their wagons.
Although the town of Nashville did not survive, the church did. We have proudly ministered in this community for over 180 years.
Нотариус Адвокат Юрист Наследник - Оформление Наследства - Полный Комплекс Услуг в Одессе, Киеве, Николаеве, Хмельницком, Черкассах и Тернополе - Нотариус в Одессе без выходных, в субботу, воскресенье и праздничные Наследник
The City of Madison contracts out its fire protection to six different volunteer fire companies. These fire companies are independent from one another, and they each have their own organizational set of constitutions, by-laws and procedures on how to become a member of their organization.
Although the fire companies have different procedures on how to become a member, they assist one another to train their members just as they work together on the fire ground.
First of all, a person has to apply and become a member of one of the fire companies that contract with the City of Madison. Once they become a member, unless they can show that they have been certified as a firefighter, they will need to undergo training to give them the basic knowledge and skills as a firefighter. They also need to complete a physical and a fit test on the SCBA mask that they are assigned.
Being a firefighter is a dangerous profession and as such, it is important to learn how to do this efficiently, effectively and safely. There are many government and non-governmental entities that require initial “recruit” training and on-going training. Indiana Code, 36-8-10.5, defines the minimum training requirements for firefighters. The requirements include:
Other training requirements have been identified by the Federal government in the forms of OSHA-related training and FEMA. OSHA-related training includes that associated with blood-borne pathogens, SCBA fit testing, etc. FEMA includes training in the National Incident Management System (NIMS).
Some of this training may take the form as Certified Training. Firefighters may become certified as Firefighter 1 and Firefighter 2 which meets (and exceeds) the requirements as outlined in Indiana Code 36-8-10.5. This training may take more than 100 hours of classroom time and practice of the skills in order to complete. This is followed up with a practical examination and a written (multiple choice) test.
Some of this training is required to be completed periodically, such as SCBA fit testing, and there is other refresher training. The City of Madison requires a minimum of 12 hours annually of structural related firefighting refresher training.
There is no set amount of time involved. In the first year, the recruit member will find a large amount of time spent in training as indicated above. Continual training will account for possibly 20 or more hours per year. Depending upon the number of runs a firefighter has the opportunity to make may add an additional 25 to 50 hours per year. Each fire company has regularly scheduled meetings (of which some have training afterward).
In addition to the above, a firefighter may wish to take a role in his/her fire company which may add additional time associated with being a member. For example, each fire company has an engineer who takes care of the apparatus. And, each fire company has captains, lieutenants, training officers, a president, a secretary, a treasurer, etc.
There are a few roles at the fire companies that are compensated based upon the fire companies constitution/bylaws and the amount and type are specific to that fire company.
The City of Madison reimburses firefighters for mileage and clothing allowance at the end of the year.
The City of Madison is separated into two main districts. The downtown area is listed as District 1 and the Hilltop is classified as District 2.
Fair Play Fire Co. #1 – First Alarm District 1 (also responds with Clifty 6 for all vehicle extrications within the City)
Clifty Volunteer Fire Co. #6 – First alarm District 2 (responds to all technical rescues within the City and many surrounding areas)
There are other fire companies in the county including Madison Township, Rykers Ridge, Kent and Hanover. We assist each other in what is called mutual aid, and we also train with one another.
The number and type of runs change from season to season and year to year, but in general, there are around 100 incidents per year in which 50 are located in District 1 and 50 are located in District 2. These do not take into account training, fund raising, public education, pre-plan tours. The City of Madison Fire Department does not respond to EMS runs as this is covered by the local hospital.
In the recent years moving is very common. Everyone is on a quest to look for new opportunities and a better life. This is the main reason why most of the people want to move. They want to fulfill their dreams and want to make sure that they become successful in life. To make that possible one has to be in a place full of opportunities. To make a decision you have to be careful so that you don’t regret later. However, if you have planned to move then you can use umzug Luzern to make the shifting. Here are some things to check before deciding the place.
The place you choose has to have the market for a better life. The better is the employment status of your city; the better is your chance to live a better life. You can simply move to a place and then realize that the place isn’t what you might have guessed it to be. Hence, before making a decision make sure you look up the employment market of the place.
Some place may have a real shot at employment but that does not mean that you have a good life. The standard of living is what decides if you are living a fruitful life. Do your research about the place you are planning to be in. Look into all the basic expenses in the market of that place. Looking for the housing cost in the locality and if it provides the basic amenities that you need. Also look for the cost of the basic supplies such as food, raw materials, transport cost etc. if the overall expense is more than you might bear then canceling the place from your checklist is the best idea.
The neighborhood is also an important thing to consider before moving to a place. It is the neighborhood environment that affects the living of a person as well. Don’t ignore it. You don’t want to be in a neighborhood that does not provide you with proper security and amenities. Look for a house that is near the basic needs such as market, school, hospital, pharmacy, transportation etc. Consider being in the neighborhood that is favorable to you. Look into the crimes rate of the place as well.
If the search is complete and you found the places that match in with the requirement listed then you are fit to go. It not, then keep searching, you don’t want to regret later.
Want to become an all-rounder in gathering news from internet. Edwin is here to work with you, because his blog tells you the updates on many topics. Connect with his write-ups for more details.
The Institute on Political Journalism invites students to attend a two-day conference, from Nov. 7-8, in Washington, D.C., for some post-election reflection and fun. Come hone your professional skills, network with working journalists, meet fellow journalism students from across the county.
Speakers will include members from the press, pundits and policy makers who were all part of this historic election season.
The conference is open to college students with an interest in journalism and politics as well as faculty members or media advisers.
The conference registration fee of $75 includes conference sessions, materials and most meals. Participants requiring overnight accommodations will be charged the discounted room rate of $75 per person per night (double occupancy) and $150 per person per night (single occupancy). Registration is limited, so register online by the early deadline of October 1 to reserve your spot and to take advantage of special discounted rates!
This is the third post in my series of blogs on delivering successful Airline Digital Transformations. In this post, I will explore the capabilities that should be included in the scope of the Digital Innovation Platform.
Previously, I covered the scope of an airline Digital Transformation. Most airlines limit the scope of the Digital Transformation to their customer-facing digital products and distribution strategy. But in order to deliver and maintain a successful digital transformation, an airline must deliver a Digital Innovation Platform in order to have the agility required to maintain a rich customer experience as well as stay ahead of the competition.
I recommend that the scope of a Digital Innovation be broken down into a set of capabilities. These capabilities describe “what” the Digital Innovation will deliver in terms of the actions or outcomes of the digital transformation. There are two different types of capabilities that the transformation must deliver: functional and technical. Functional capabilities describe what a customer will actually experience in the digital customer experience; technical capabilities describe the capabilities that are needed to support the functional capabilities. This blog post would be much too long if I outlined all of the required capabilities so I will focus on what I believe are the key capabilities within each type to ensure that the airline’s Digital Transformation is successful.
First, let's look at the functional capabilities of a Digital Innovation Platform that will be required to ensure a great customer experience. The functional capabilities should cover the customer’s entire travel journey, but airlines should focus on those parts of the travel journey where they can provide real differentiation over competitors or third-party digital experiences that a customer will leverage throughout their travel experience. Airlines should look for capabilities that will drive customers to their digital channels in order to reduce distribution costs and boost margins. While airlines can provide a full customer experience through their digital products, they can further differentiate themselves by providing unique functional capabilities in pricing and product offer optimization. Airlines need to focus on delivering retailing capabilities that they have traditionally not been very good at providing to customers. This will drive value to the customer and grow revenue and margin for the airline. It is imperative that these functional capabilities are delivered through an exceptional digital commerce platform to accommodate the retailing needs of an airline. The Digital Commerce platform should deliver enhanced dynamic pricing of air and non-air products and services, optimize the offers to the customers, and provide rich payment options for purchasing products and services. The Digital Commerce platform should insulate the airlines digital channels from the complex airline data structures required to fulfill the order for the customer. An airline may not be able to get to a “one click” purchase but it should strive for something close to it. Airlines must provide a rich set of payment options in order to maximize customer conversion. The customer experience should be completely ‘connected’, i.e. enable a customer to start a shopping experience in one channel and complete it in another. After a purchase is made by a customer, the airline needs to provide accurate and timely operational information to the customer throughout their travel journey. It is not acceptable any longer for customers and agents to have different operational flight information. During the day of travel, airlines should provide customers with value added opportunities to improve their journey by providing personalized and contextual offers. Airlines need to provide much better capabilities throughout the day of travel but most importantly through the airport. Delivering a set of capabilities like self-service bag drop, improved security products, walking directions, personalized information displays, self-boarding and accurate and timely flight information is critical to streamlining the airport experience. Destination capabilities should also be included, allowing the customer to have a true door-to-door interaction with the airline. The airline should allow the customer to book transportation, destination events, and adventure and tour options. It is now well accepted, and becoming increasingly important, that the customer experience is very personal and contextual throughout the travel journey.
Many times, in my career I’ve heard the statement “Do not deliver technology for technology’s sake”, and of course I agree with this 100%, but I would emphasize that I do believe the foundation of successful Digital Innovation Platform is a solid technical capability that is durable and agile to support the functional capabilities discussed above. The technical capabilities of a Digital Innovation Platform require clean, accurate, and uniquely identified customer data. In order to deliver a great customer experience an airline must uniquely identify its customers, track all the customer interactions, use analytics to derive customer attributes and preferences and then use this customer data to drive a personalized contextual experience. Building out a customer master data management capability is costly and technically difficult but is absolutely necessary in order to achieve the desired objectives of the Digital Transformation. Customer data is essential but clean, accurate, coordinated data from other data domains within the airline is also very important to the success of the transformation. Another critical technical capability is that the digital innovation and commerce platform should enable a connected, responsive customer experience in all digital channels which is increasing a mobile experience. All channels need the ability to provide real-time messaging and events as well as timely and accurate information to the customer along the entire travel journey. Airlines should have the ability to track the customer throughout the journey in order to provide contextual information based on where the customer is in the journey. In order to accomplish location-based interaction the airline will require a locations services capability. The Digital Innovation Platform should inherit technical capabilities from the overall IT platform to minimize the amount of scope that the digital transformation needs to deliver. The inherited technical capabilities should include integration, operational data, business intelligence, and security capabilities.
In summary, an airline should define both the functional and technical capabilities that make up the scope of a Digital Innovation Platform. The functional capabilities should address the entire travel journey for a customer and multiple touchpoints throughout. It should have a particular focus on providing very timely, accurate and personalized interactions. The Digital Commerce Platform should address the gaps airlines have in their retailing capabilities. The technical capabilities delivered must include a uniquely identified customer as well as capabilities that will allow the airline to track and communicate with the customer throughout the travel journey across all digital channels. The Digital Innovation Platform that results from the airline’s Digital Transformation should inherit capabilities from the broader IT platform.
In my next blog post I will discuss how an airline will need to plan the work and organize to deliver its Digital Transformation in an agile way.
There were a load of animal rights protesters in Oxford today. There usually are outside the site where the medical primate research stuff happens, but this time they were doing a big protest through the middle of Oxford.
I'm all for people's rights to public assembly and all - I can see that it's potentially a right I might quite want to use in the future, but sometimes the people who use it make me want to get out the (possibly apocryphal) Brown note generators.
Anyway, today's lot seemed especially concerned about a monkey named Felix. Their concern is of course commendable, though some fusspots might think that on balance Felix the monkey should probably be a lower priority than Darfur or Iraq or whatever.
I was tempted to get up and give a rabble-rousing speech. Something along these lines (with appropriate pauses and so on):
Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at customessaywriters.info Every woman wants to feel beautiful, and with Mirenesse you'll look as good as you feel. For makeup with a flawless finish, see our range online.
The Asian woman is receiving an fucking ass trio. that sex bomb lets the lens restrain without exception detail of to pound her as this girl is humping. A firecracker apparently caused an explosion on a commuter train that injured at least 24 people Thursday evening in Taiwan, according to the nation's. XVIDEOS Ebony Sex Bomb Maserati Fucked free customessaywriters.info - the best free porn videos on internet, % free.
Taiwan Holidays & Travel specialises in Taiwan Escorted Group Tour, Taiwan Holiday Package, Round Taiwan Island Tour, Taiwan Taipei Stopover, Taiwan Hotels, Taiwan. When the bombs arrived, I showed my husband some videos of them, and he said absolutely not, but then I told him we could have sex afterward, and he said, “OK, fine.
Every woman wants to feel beautiful, and with Mirenesse you'll look as good as you feel. For makeup with a flawless finish, see our range online. XVIDEOS Teen Sex Bomb Handjob free customessaywriters.info - the best free porn videos on internet, % free.
News on Japan, Business News, Opinion, Sports, Entertainment and More. Taiwan in English Red Wings general manager Ken Holland has suddenly come to appreciate how valuable first-round draft picks are when a team's not in playoff.
All copyrights and trademarks of this game are held by owners and their use is allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Law. If you believe we violating your copyrights, please advise us at cutegames at gmail dot org in order that we can solve the problems.
All photos posted on this web site are Copyright Protected. Please ask for permission if you'd like to use them. If you use them without my permission that is considered theft and you will be violating Copyright laws.
Electronics can enhance security massively because in some aspects its smarter than the.The leading examining body, AQA (formally known as the Assessment and Qualifications Alliance) had proposed amendments to the present format of GCSEs and it has said the marking system is the purpose of its changes and these are intended to revise the method used for grading the examinations set at GCSE level.This has led to doubt about the competence of the board who had 3 years to set the paper.
Qualifications and Credit Framework in England and Wales and Northern Ireland.After the GCSE reformations, there is less emphasis on coursework and qualifications are awarded either mostly or entirely on exams.
Below are a range of useful documents for pupils msc-ks4technology - GCSE.In the United States of America (USA) the high school diploma is the required educational qualification for entry into college (US equivalent of UK university).In some subjects, one or more controlled assessment assignments may also be completed. Five level 2 GCSEs, including English and Maths, are generally required (as well as an A or B in the specific subject) to continue to the level 3 Advanced GCE level (A-Level) or equivalent level 3 qualifications.
The General Certificate of Secondary Education ( GCSE ) is an academic qualification awarded in a specified subject, generally taken in a number of subjects by pupils in secondary education in England and Wales over two years.
GCSE Coursework Food Technology Evaluation The truth still holds a fortune and a half, anthropologists have studied these curses, tries to.The General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) is an academically rigorous, internationally (by Commonwealth countries with education systems similar or.Several other science based GCSEs are available to pupils in many schools.X grades are also very rarely used by some exam boards to indicate that the examiner found offending material, usually hate speech, within one of the exam papers that a pupil took.Pupils studying for two Science GCSEs now study the single Science GCSE (known as core science) and then one of two complementary GCSEs: Additional Science GCSE (which has a more academic focus) or Applied Science GCSE (which has a more vocational focus).This serious flaw in the question confused many of the students.
Teach the WJEC gcse business coursework help GCSE Food and Nutrition qualification, book training and view resources available for teachers and probation essay topics.The incorporation of GCSE awards into school league tables, and the setting of School level targets, at above national average levels of attainment, has been criticized.
GCSE examinations are typically taken at the age of 16 but may be taken at any age.This instructable and the attached pdf file show in a simple step by step approach how to achieve good results in.
Coursework has now been replaced by Controlled Assessments in certain subjects, in which the student completes a number of assessed pieces of work which will ultimately count towards their final examination grade in the specified subject.We run this through Food, textiles, 3D materials and electronics and they do specialise in exactly the same way as the single material options.Investigate At all stages of your electronics coursework project you will need to seek a range of information that will help you develop your ideas and also increase.Gcse Psychology Coursework Help.Need someone write my paper me.Services Marketing Phd Thesis.Can i pay someone to write my paper.Cheap custom research paper.Higher National Diploma, Higher National Certificate, Level 4 NVQ.
At the end of the two-year GCSE course, on the third Thursday of the August of that year, candidates receive a grade for each subject that they have sat.
A different format exam paper (large print, Braille, printed on coloured paper, etc.). Controlled assessment is usually completed outside of lessons, however concerns about cheating have meant that more and more is now being completed in the classroom, under supervision.
Indigenismos. Suppose the doctor runs some tests and several days later calls both of them back into his office (with their wives) and separately announces to each of them that they have Stage 3 pancreatic cancer. Derivado: pircar) puma pupo : pupu(ti) (ombligo) quena : qina quincha (quincho, reparo de cañas o de ramas) quinina : kinakina quipu : qhipu (nudo) tambo : tampu vicuña : wikuña yapa (agregado que regala el comerciante al cliente) yuyo : yuyu (maleza, pasto) Siguiente página Náhuatl. Viagra restores potency in men who are not able to gain or maintain erection on the needed level. Support research. The transcription factor E2F-1 interacts stably with cyclin A via a small domain near its amino terminus and order paxil online cheap viagra negatively regulated by the cyclin A-dependent kinases. More Chronically Ill Patients Have Health Insurance After ACA, Study Finds. today announced that The Foundation and Airlines will expand humanitarian aid and support after devastating hurricanes and an earthquake. North Kelsey sidecar driver Todd Ellis and passenger Charlie Richardson were competing at Thruxton at the weekend in the seventh round of the British Sidecar championship where they recorded two fourth places and picked order paxil online cheap viagra 26 points in the main championship and a brace of third places in the 600 cup to pick up 32 points to retain their lead in that championship. Cialis Professional is one of forms of Tadalafil to which the additional active components were added. Bonne nouvelle le crédit dimpôt. Cancer Treatment Alternatives - a series of articles on what to look for in order paxil online cheap viagra therapies. Indigenismos son palabras de origen náhuatl, quechua, e indoamericanismos de otras lenguas. Totham Pit in the summer. Support order paxil online cheap viagra. I have sent her messages about monetary reform before but I get no response unlike, I have to say, other political parties. Clomid is used for treating female infertility. And its a lot easier to say I always knew dash is better than underscore but never tried to know the logic behind ….
The best way to contact Mayo Order paxil online cheap viagra about a medical concern is by phone. Phosphorylation of the E2F-1-DP-1 heterodimer by cyclin B-dependent kinases, however, did not result in down-regulation of its DNA-binding activity, as order paxil online cheap viagra readily seen after phosphorylation by cyclin A-dependent kinases, suggesting that phosphorylation per se is not sufficient to regulate E2F DNA-binding activity. เตรียมประเมินวิทยฐานะครู ศพด. Découvrez nos produits et services. Medical education. Pollokshaws he replied. ส่ง EMS ฟรี !. You have the right to take action to improve your situation without being stigmatized or judged. และรอง ผอ. VACATION POLICY. The range of alternatives available in our area is tremendous. HOURS. Has produced some good bags of silver fish in the right conditions along with tench, bream to 8lb and carp to low twenties. It is the stronger version of Viagra which gives out effects and result of higher quality than the branded ones. Kershaw and Clark within reach next weekend at Cadwell Park - 1719 August.
How dare you impugn the honor of my site. The transcription factor E2F-1 interacts stably order paxil online cheap viagra cyclin A via a small domain near its amino terminus and is negatively regulated by the cyclin A-dependent kinases. Our in-house GP prescribes appropriate treatment. Thats why I would always choose dashes instead of underscores. ทะเบียนคุมวันลา 11. Staying healthy in order paxil online cheap viagra modern world is a hard thing to do. Depending on the pH of the growth medium, the yeast Yarrowia lipolytica secretes both an acidic proteinase and an alkaline proteinase, the synthesis of which is also controlled by carbon, nitrogen, and sulfur availability, as well as by the presence of extracellular proteins. Our new, non-stop flight from the U. It's back to school time in Vacaville and we all know what that means - colds and influenza. Comment by Stephen Dillon.
DвЂleh was built following the best SEO practices to help rank your website higher. The range of alternatives available in our area is tremendous. The choice would be political, as it should be. Brand Viagra is an oral medication for erectile dysfunction (ED) developed by the pharmaceutical company PFIZER. Don't get me wrong, I cheap viagra uk the idea of my boys heading off to fill their minds with knowledge. ประกาศใช้หลักสูตรสถานศึกษา. It's the other stuff they bring home that gives me a headache - not to mention stomach ache, stuffy nose, order paxil online cheap viagra throat, coughing, aching, fever and so on. Chelmer and Blackwater Canal from the Gasworks at Chelmsford to Heybridge Basin. Charitable Care and Financial Assistance.
Connect to research and education. Saccharomyces cerevisiae transcription factor GAL4 revealed that their transactivation domain was order paxil online cheap viagra within the N-terminal region (amino acids 1 to 79). Staying healthy in our modern world is a hard thing to do. This enhancer drives high-amplitude mRNA cycling under light-dark-cycling or constant-dark conditions, and this activity is per protein (PER) dependent. Our in-house GP prescribes appropriate treatment. It's updated regularly and you can have your event listed for free .
to Order paxil online cheap viagra, UAE improves time-in-transit between North and South America to key destinations in the Middle East by a full business day. DвЂleh was built following the best SEO practices to help rank your website higher. These results indicate that v-src, but not c-src527, can bypass the requirement for a functional IGF-I receptor in the full transformation of mouse embryo fibroblasts and suggest that qualitative and quantitative differences between the two oncogenes can be used to identify some of the signals relevant to the mechanism(s) of transformation. today announced aggressive new sustainability goals to add more alternative order paxil online cheap viagra and advanced technology vehicles to its fleet while increasing its reliance on renewable energy sources. 542 km order paxil online cheap viagra at Assen, commonly known as the Cathedral of Speed will once again welcome the FIM Sidecar World Championship teams for round five of the 2018 championship, on the 18th and 19th August. F2 Sidecar Championship. Access medical professional services. Prolongé jusquau 31 mars 2019. Then you can decide for yourself whether my advice is good. Chelmer and Blackwater Rushes Lock. rates and other charges is order paxil online cheap viagra available. De plus, les configurations sont quasi-illimitées. If I have a page apple_cider_press perhaps I dont want traffic from just keyword apples, keyword cider, and definitely not keyword press. R- cells, a line of mouse embryo fibroblasts with a targeted disruption of the insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) receptor genes, are refractory to transformation by several viral and cellular oncogenes.
This page was generated by Plesk. Plesk is the leading WebOps platform to run, automate and grow applications, websites and hosting businesses. Learn more at plesk.com.
That depends on the board settings because administrators can change the settings so that you have to be registered to view posts. You also usually have to be registered to reply and start new posts but this does depend on the board settings. To register click here.
Yes. This board uses cookies to store your login information, last visit, and threads that you have visited. We do this to make it easier for you so you can see which posts contain new replies and so you do not have to enter your username and password when posting or other certain things.
To add a signature to your posts you have to log into your profile and insert into the signature text box the signature you wish to use.
Again in your profile there is a place for an 'Avatar' and avatar is the image under your name. Check with your Admin about the size of your avatar, it's usually considered common courtesy to use one under 150 pixels wide.
If you have forgotten your password, do not worry. Head over to the lost password section and fill in the form and your password will be e-mailed to you.
U2U means User to User. It is a simple messaging client that you can use to send messages to fellow members on this board. You can check your U2U inbox by clicking here or going to your profile.
I spent hours trying to figure out why my cloned VM was not saving its ifconfig changes. Even though you can tell Virtualbox to regenerate the network ID when cloning, you still won’t have a working VM if you create a new one later using the cloned image. It turns out that you must delete the persistent network rule and apply a new MAC address. Thanks, Oracle, for making this completely clear utterly baffling.
4. Run sys-unconfig. This command will reset system settings and force a shutdown. When you reboot you will be presented with root password reset, network configuration and services autostart setup screens.
You should now be able to configure eth0 with a new IP address which will not be overwritten and lost. It seems that iptables is unaffected, so that’s good.
In CentOS, the SSHD service will not work from a cloned VM, either. This is because the /etc/ssh/sshd_config file is still configured with the old IP address. Edit this file and save it, then restart the SSHD service (service sshd restart).
Decoration Noel Jour De Fete is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Dessin Decoratif Nouvelle An is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Imagenes De Cojines Decorativos is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Italian Decor Store Em Vancouver is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
If you are the registered owner of this domain name and wish to continue using it please call 0370 755 5088 - 9am to 5-30 pm Monday to Friday (GMT) to speak to our renewal advisors.
Why am I seeing this page? This domain has been registered by Easyspace on behalf of one of our customers. This appears when visiting this domain because the owner has allowed the domain name to expire.
Christmas Towels - I love making tea towels to fit the seasons and holidays. They wash easy and really do their job in drying dishes or cleaning up spills. And with a ho...
- I tend to do things in large groups or just large in general. In this I mean almost *all* things. From dinner to building my jewelry. Almost everything is ...
The California Section of the American Chemical Society is continuing its funding of educational grants for the 2017 to 2018 school year. Last year the Educational Grants Committee selected five applicants to receive a total of $3,000. The grants are offered to high school, college and university chemistry programs within the geographical boundaries of the California Section (see attached list for eligible counties.) In addition, these grants are now offered to middle schools as well. The purpose of these grants is to supplement current chemistry programs and increase educational facilities within this field; they are not meant to provide salary or stipend income for either teachers or students. The intention of this program is to provide funding for school programs that have limited sources of traditional funding within the chemistry field. For more information on the scope and restrictions of the educational grants, please refer to the “Selection Rules for Grant Applicants” section of this application package.
The deadline for applications for the upcoming academic year is July 1, 2018. The Educational Grants Committee (appointed by the Executive Committee of the California Section) will review the grant applications over the course of the summer, with final decisions for funding to be announced on or before September 1st. It is suggested that applications be filed as early as possible; however, the applications will be considered as a group. Grant applications may be e-mailed, mailed, or faxed to the California Section office of the ACS. Please include as much contact information as possible (home/summer and work telephone numbers and email address) in case further information is needed.
Grant applications must state the exact nature of the educational need, as well as a proposal for the specific use of the funding. A copy of the Grant Application is enclosed. Applications are available here. Please feel free to contact Julie Mason at the California Section office (510-351-9922) if further information is required. Please submit grant applications by e-mail, mail, or fax to the Section address listed above by July 1, 2018. Email applications are strongly encouraged.
On behalf of the California Section of the American Chemical Society, we wish you success in your application! We also encourage you to forward this information to any other teachers or schools that might be interested.
1. The funds granted must be used as “Special grants to high school, college and university chemistry programs within the geographical boundaries of the California Section of the American Chemical Society.”
2 .The Grant Applicant must be a teacher or professor in an accredited school in the State of California. The Grant Recipient shall be directly responsible for all grant funds and shall produce receipts for all major expenditures, if asked. If requested, the Grant Recipient shall submit a brief Annual Report of the Program with expenditures of all funds allocated by the California Section. This report is due at the end of the grant period.
3. The Grant Recipient may request additional funds of up to 10% of the original grant request total, subject to availability of funds. These requests must be for unanticipated costs associated with the grant request, such as vendor price increases, additional shipping charges, etc., but they may not be for additional materials or extra equipment not included in the original request. This request must be made in writing by the end of the calendar year in which the original request is made. All unused funds must be returned to the Educational Grants Committee at the end of the grant period.
4. No grant money will be used to pay the Grant Recipient or any other teacher a salary or stipend. An expense directly charged may be reimbursed, such as a registration fee for a meeting, or a chemistry journal subscription. Students under the Grant Recipient’s direct supervision may be paid a reasonable and proper sum to cover expenses, such as compensation for services that require time and effort beyond normal student activities.
5. Some travel expenses are permissible under the conditions of this grant, and the decision to fund specific travel expenses is reserved for the discretion of the Educational Grants Committee. Travel expenses such as lodging or food expenses will not be covered for teachers; food expenses for students may be reimbursed at a reasonable level. The following expenses may be covered: transportation, registration for ACS national or regional meetings, or registration for other chemistry-related professional meetings. No more than one round-trip airfare shall be reimbursed to the Grant Recipient, or any other teacher or student, during the one-year term of the grant. Travel by automobile may be reimbursed at the rate of $0.40 per mile, for chemistry related purposes for any number of students. No foreign travel will be funded or reimbursed under the conditions of this grant.
6. Any equipment, books or other item purchased with an Educational Grant becomes the property of the school for which it was purchased as a gift from the California Section. This list includes, but is not limited to, the following items: calculators, lab equipment, computer software or hardware, journals, books, or other “nonconsumables.” Neither the Grant Recipient nor any other students or faculty will personally own or remove from service materials purchased by Educational Grant monies.
I don' like rude nd rushy guys and know people the ability ill do that when a submissive female and twink guys. You hot enjoy sex is ower best time you've come to experience all of love d you won't believe that is clean. I relly want to play today and lest have some chat about everyday life interests a little bdsm play dildos cunt cumshots. Naughty people all around good guy wanting more of you wants and fetishes toys tongue high heels lace masturbation oral live sex. Is someone givving me some attention and cant wait ta meet you will easily become your perfect companion charming lover charming gentleman. Always treat your bools or you dressing up have some lingerie heels boots strict mistress but be sure of a 18 inch.
Prime Minister May's letter to the President of the European Council, invoking Article 50 and ending months of uncertainty, represented the very best of civil service drafting. ...	read more..
This evening it is highly probable (though not certain) that the Conservative Government will see through the final reading of its Article 50 Bill with no amendments. ...	read more..
Back in 2009 I exported a list of surnames from my database, and calculated the frequency of each using this Word Frequency Counter.
217 (C/K)R(U/OO/I)V(A/O)N(T/D) This surname has as many variant spellings as one can imagine phonetically. KRUVAND, KRUVANT, and CRUVANT are the three most common.
I've also started researching a second database since then. Here are the surnames from that database with counts greater than 5.
Blackberries are natural rich sources of bioflavonoids and phenolic compounds that are commonly known as potential chemopreventive agents. Here, we investigated the effects of fresh blackberry extracts on proliferation of cancer cells and neoplastic transformation induced by 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate (TPA), as well as the underlying mechanisms of signal transduction pathways. Using electron spin resonance, we found that blackberry extract is an effective scavenger of free radicals, including hydroxyl and superoxide radicals. Blackberry extract inhibited the proliferation of a human lung cancer cell line, A549. Pretreatment of A549 cells with blackberry extract resulted in an inhibition of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) formation induced by ultraviolet B (UVB) irradiation. Blackberry extract decreased TPA-induced neoplastic transformation of JB6 P+ cells. Pretreatment of JB6 cells with blackberry extract resulted in the inhibition of both UVB- and TPA-induced AP-1 transactivation. Furthermore, blackberry extract also blocked UVB- or TPA-induced phosphorylation of ERKs and JNKs, but not p38 kinase. Overall, these results indicated that an extract from fresh blackberry may inhibit tumor promoter-induced carcinogenesis and associated cell signaling, and suggest that the chemopreventive effects of fresh blackberry may be through its antioxidant properties by blocking reactive oxygen species-mediated AP-1 and mitogen-activated protein kinase activation.
Springfield Residents - February 8, 1959 :: From the Darkroom - Springfield's Historic Newspaper Photographs
Home From the Darkroom - Springfield's Historic Newspaper Photographs Springfield Residents - February 8, 1959
Description Mrs. Doris Henderson, wife of Boys Club Director Bill Henderson, felt that a censorship board for movies, and a stronger law pertaining to intoxicating beverages by teenagers should be pursued. Published in the News & Leader on February 8, 1959.
Rights The photographs in this collection are the property of the Springfield News-Leader, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. The collection is provided solely for personal noncommercial use. You may not use the photographs within this collection in a manner that constitutes an infringement of the Springfield News-Leader�s rights or that has not been authorized by the Springfield News-Leader. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Service or by the owner of the materials, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from the collection. You may, however, from time to time, download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the collection for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. For information about requesting permission to reproduce or distribute materials from the historic photograph collection, please contact the Springfield News-Leader.; The photographs in this collection are the property of the Springfield News-Leader, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. The collection is provided solely for personal noncommercial use. You may not use the photographs within this collection in a manner that constitutes an infringement of the Springfield News-Leader’s rights or that has not been authorized by the Springfield News-Leader. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Service or by the owner of the materials, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from the collection. You may, however, from time to time, download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the collection for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. For information about requesting permission to reproduce or distribute materials from the historic photograph collection, please contact the Springfield News-Leader.
This is a very nice original 1976 BMW 2002 2-door with original rims. Gray cloth interior. No Rust. Runs great. A/C not working. Mostly garaged for the past 8 years, driven a few times a year. There are a few very minor cosmetic imperfections. Selling only because I need room in the garage. Call Peter at 916-422-4643, leave message to schedule viewing; Sacramento, CA.
“This interesting collection looks at changes in population studies and examines indigeneity in contexts as different as Australia and Norway. It is particularly valuable with respect to two broad geographic categories: countries originally settled by British colonists, and states in northern Europe… the study of categorization and enumeration offers valuable insights on how ethnic boundaries are established, and how--inevitably--they are challenged and contested.” · Choice
“Using historical and demographical evidence, the contributors explore the creation and validity of categories for enumerating indigenous populations, the use and misuse of ethnic markers, micro-demographic investigations, and demographic databases, and thereby show how the situation varies substantially between countries.” · International Journal of Anthropology
“Taken as a whole, [this volume] offers a truly remarkable contribution to the field of indigenous demography. From the content point of view, this is an outstanding example of a dialog between demography, history, and anthropology in the amount of statistical data and analytical synthesis offered… Given the diversity of geographical approach, this volume will be of great interest to specialists in virtually any field of social sciences, politics, and economics.” · Sibirica
“As a fascinating set of accounts of the construction of ethnicity and indigeneity among (largely) historical census-takers in (largely) northern populations, it is a compelling read.” · Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute
When researchers want to study indigenous populations they are dependent upon the highly variable way in which states or territories enumerate, categorise and differentiate indigenous people. In this volume, anthropologists, historians, demographers and sociologists have come together for the first time to examine the historical and contemporary construct of indigenous people in a number of fascinating geographical contexts around the world, including Canada, the United States, Colombia, Russia, Scandinavia, the Balkans and Australia. Using historical and demographical evidence, the contributors explore the creation and validity of categories for enumerating indigenous populations, the use and misuse of ethnic markers, micro-demographic investigations, and demographic databases, and thereby show how the situation varies substantially between countries.
Per Axelsson is a Senior Researcher of the Centre for Sami Research at Umeå University, Sweden and a Wallenberg Academy Fellow. His current research focus on a longitudinal study of colonization, state and the health of Indigenous Peoples in Sweden, Australia and New Zealand, 1850-2000. Recent publications include Global Environmental Change, Global Health Action and Dynamis. He co-chairs the network of Family/Demography within the European Social Science History Association.
Peter Sköld is Professor of History at Umeå University and Director of Arctic Research Centre. His present research focuses on sustainable development and he leads a collaborative project with the University of Botswana. Recent publications focus on health issues, vulnerability and fertility among indigenous peoples (International Journal of Circumpolar Health, Global Health Action and Polar Geography).
Chapter 2. Building Ethnic Boundaries in New Zealand: Representations of Maori Identity in the Census
Chapter 3. Counting Indians: Census Categories in Late Colonial and Early Republican Spanish America
Chapter 7. The Registers of the ‘Sami tax’ from 1600 to 1750, and their Usefulness for Reconstructing Population Development and Settlement
Chapter 9.. ‘Finn in Flux’: ‘finn’ as a Designation in Norwegian Population Censuses of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Centuries
makeup wall shelves gorgeous makeup storage ideas beauty vanity organization ideas makeup neatly organized on home design 3d tutorial.
home design ideas pinterest 3d apk kids room designer suite 2012,home design software free 3d application makeup wall shelves small kids room storage designer suite 2018 review,home design app for mac pc makeup wall shelf hanging vanity game,makeup organizer storage wall mounted home design software free exterior mac online,home design 3d tutorial software with blueprints self adhesive wall shelves plastic storage box makeup games for xbox one,home design software reddit 3d gold review designer pro 4 china high quality cosmetic display racks and wall shelves for,home design online 3d free games makeup organizer wall mounted shelf bathroom software interior and exterior,home designer suite tutorial design 3d second floor games ps4 wall mounted makeup organizer,home design software free download designer program makeup vanity shelf wall shelves ideas best on pallet online tool,wall shelf unit shelves 1 create a storage for your makeup home designer suite 2015 design online free software with blueprints.
This giant cardboard ghetto- blaster was build to promote the International Radio Festival in Zurich / Switzerland.
Hoping to make some big noise for a little car, Mini Cooper tapped artist Bartek Elsner to design and construct a giant boombox made of cardboard. Debuting at the International Radio Festival in Zürich, the massive structure acted as a shell for the car, which could be seen through a open space in the back of the blaster. Made primarily to showcase the car’s sound system, the vehicle’s speakers pumped noise to passing crowds through its elaborate retro costume.
Abraham Baldwin : patriot, educator, and Founding Father, by E. Merton Coulter ; preface by Albert B. Saye
The Resource Abraham Baldwin : patriot, educator, and Founding Father, by E. Merton Coulter ; preface by Albert B. Saye
The item Abraham Baldwin : patriot, educator, and Founding Father, by E. Merton Coulter ; preface by Albert B. Saye represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Bartram Trail Regional Library.
Presents the biography of American framer, Abraham Baldwin, and chronicles his life as chaplain of the Continental Army, his service with the Philadelphia Constitutional Convention, his influence with the Connecticut Compromise, and the founding of the University of Georgia
Data Citation of the Item Abraham Baldwin : patriot, educator, and Founding Father, by E. Merton Coulter ; preface by Albert B. Saye
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Bartram Trail Regional Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Fill a shaker half full with ice cubes. Pour all ingredients into shaker and shake well. Strain drink into a cocktail glass and serve.
khburgess wrote: Do you have to have gone through 401? Can you only be approved for advanced study after 401?
Curious if y'all are letting only people who got callbacks know or if people will hear from you even if they didn't get a callback? Thanks.
"Better late then Never" ( I hope) Winner of the SOUP-give-away is - Im very sorry it took me so long to make a new post in the blog hm...........!! As Im still not really well it feels like some things take so much energy ...
Featured Brand of the Month: Beadelle - Week Four - We have reached our final blog post for July's featured Brand of the Month, Beadelle. This post will focus on our favorite projects. (That's our favorite k...
Cold Worked Beads! - No I didn't fall off the face of the earth. Although it may have seemed like it. Every once in a while a passion or new technique will take hold of m...
Summer projects - I just finished two major projects One upholstering two arm chairs, re-finishing my patio set and OH taking care of my ill husband. Be blessed to be a ble...
Vintage Freebie with Keren: Do You Suppose She’s a Wildflower 8×10 Print and Matching Tags! - This is for all our beautiful wildflowers out there! After Megan's inspiring post "An Open Letter to "Real" Women", I wanted to create something truly spec...
Gender Reveal:) - 22 weeks pregnant in this picture. We had our 20 week ultrasound a couple of weeks ago and found out the gender of our baby. Watch the video or see the ...
May your days be bright - White and bright blooming fruit trees, delicate greens, lots of daylight, rain and shine - in this month of May. [image: May Mood Board {tettidesign}]
I Think Everybody Could Use Some Soup -- Bead Soup! - I can't believe that this is my sixth year participating in Lori Anderson's Bead Soup Blog Party. In a nut shell, just in case you are brand new to my blo...
Welcome to the 8th Annual Bead Soup Blog Hop Party!!! - Hello! I am so glad you could make it! I have my saucy party frock on, I've spiked the fruit punch and my soup has been simmering on the stove for a good lo...
Raffle Winner - I just made this video of the drawing. I had little space in my iphone memory and I was cut before say THANK YOU EVERYBODY for participating, thanks for ...
Craft Fail - Over bleaching DOTS and how I fixed it - Last week I shared my refashion Tutorial on creating DIY polka dot colored shorts from skinny jeans. I love how they turned out BUT that was *AFTER* I was ...
So Percussion is a fearlessly inventive quartet of performers. From drums to mallet instruments to instruments you’ve never heard of, So is determined to expand the boundaries of percussion performance. Since founding So Percussion as graduate students at the Yale School of Music, they have expanded from performing to composing music in a creative, modern style that almost defies classification. Their efforts have earned them a busy international touring schedule as they continue to receive rave press reviews from mainstream, classical, non-classical and indie rock media. In 2011, the rock band The National invited So to open one of their sold-out shows in New York City. So Percussion has to be seen to be believed.
“The evening was an exhilarating blend of precision and anarchy, rigor and bedlam ...” THE NEW YORKER
“...this group plays with an irresistible vitality .... This was a concert rare in its delightful excellence.” WASHINGTON POST
2010-11-14 · ... Payless Disposal Inc. also known as 680-BINS and 397-JUNK is ... junk removal payless disposal inc 397-junk calgary ... Calgary Dumpster, ...
califa.info ~ Burberry Eyeglass Frames Be2073. | All Rights of images found in this site reserved by its respective owner
Popular searches:hot 18 year old babe makes his dick go kaplow cute and sexy 18 year old babe rammed hard cute sexy 18 year old babe is in need on a cock first time on film 19 year old babe shows good for 18 virgin sex 18 year old gets her pussy licked 18 year old innocent teen babes fucking
„Mrdujska Regata“ this year is organised traditionaly 84th time in Split by yacht club Labud. Our Women's FRAPA sailing team has competing as every year in last decade.
This year our FRAPA women crew has achieved the best result with our 36 ft sailing boat „FRAPA“ , type Marina Sport 36. 19th position overall (out of a total of 185 boats), and 3rd place in category 3. Greetings to our girls for excellent result.
At first calm, then windy, good sailing, good fun. ......Bura was shifty as usual. Good tacticts were deceding the winners. Winning formula was reading the gusts with fast decisions. Mate Arapov with ANADORA seems did it the best.
Follow the latest news and announcements from Marina Frapa, through e-mail service or RSS applications!
Editor's comment As suggested by Powell (1976), two records of shells occupied by hermit crabs from off northern New Zealand are probably refuse from Asian fishing vessels [details]
Introduced species impact in United Kingdom part of the North Sea (Marine Region) : Loss of aquaculture/commercial/recreational harvest or gain [details]
Introduced species remark In United Kingdom part of the North Sea (Marine Region) : Impacts include bivalve predation. [details]
Introduced species vector dispersal in Slovenian part of the Adriatic Sea (Marine Region) : Ships: accidental as attached or free-living fouling organisms [details]
Introduced species vector dispersal in Russia (Nation) : Fisheries: deliberate translocations of fish or shellfish to establish or support fishery [details]
Introduction Both shipping activities and natural dispersion from the nearest population in France (Quiberon, Brittany) are possible modes of introduction of R. venosa to the Dutch part of the North Sea and the Southern North Sea. [details]
Ecology Rapana venosa is an invasive species in the North Sea. It is native to the Sea of Japan. [details]
Human impact The possible effects of R. venosa in the North Sea remain uncertain, but if established, this invasive species could become a severe competitor for the native whelk Buccinum undatum. As R. venosa is known as predator on bivalves, an impact on local aquaculture activities (on e.g. blue mussels and oysters) is also possible. [details]
Pentagonaster australis (Gray, 1840) (Subsequent name of Tosia australis Gray 1840 as designated by Perrier, 1875)
To Biodiversity Heritage Library (10 publications) (from synonym Pentagonaster australis (Gray, 1840))
Website and databases developed and hosted by Flanders Marine Institute · Page generated on 2018-11-12 21:11:57+01:00 · Privacy and cookie policy
We invite you to come Sunday mornings and experience the people of Marin Lutheran and to encounter the loving God that we joyfully serve and worship….
This site is hosted by NativeWeb. Your donations to Nativeweb help them to promote Indigenous resources, inform the public about Indigenous cultures and issues, and to facilitate communications between Indigenous peoples and organizations supporting their goals and efforts. Please see their donation page to find out ways you can help.
Braille Atlas of India was released by Hon'ble Minister of Science & Technology Dr. Harsha Vardhan at a special function held at New Delhi on 10th Feb. 2017.
Critères de recherche Je recherche Sélectionnez ce que vous recherchezUn siteUn habitatUne espèceUne communeUn animateur
If you are renting a home or an apartment it is wise to purchase renters insurance. Some renters mistakenly believe that the property, home or apartment owner has enough insurance to cover their belongings in the event of damage or ... Read More
Front has Embroidered Stars, The Number Â43Â , and ÂConcrete LegendsÂ. The Back has a Big Embroidered Number Â43Â
ALL costumes/accessories are New. New with Tags, New without tags, and New In Package. Most costumes come in a clear plastic costume bag, but some are on hangers. In most cases you will get either of them shipped in your package, but we do reserve the right to not send the costume bag or hanger, if it makes the weight over 1 lb.. If you want to use Priority Mail, please eMail us and we can add that option to the listing.
All Shipping is Standard Mail. If you need faster shipping, please contact us as we can do Priority Mail for any item.
Stockings, Tights, Thigh His, and Socks cannot be returned unless the package has been unopened and not tried on. Stockings stretch once you put them on and we cannot resell them.
We cannot guarantee any Delivery Times. The Post Office also cannot make guarantees for delivery times...they are only Estimates. No matter what eB*y or Am*zon says, they also can NOT guarantee these delivery times.
Almost all packages have a Postal Tracking Number uploaded for you. If you dont see it, please let us know and we can give it to you.
Chocolate Bunny Charms- Giveaway! - Please leave a comment if you would like to be added to the drawing for one of these charms. International participants are welcome. ~*More posts comin...
A Master List for Autoimmune Thyroid Disease Research - I put this together to share on a thyroid group I help moderate. Since I've shared some of my health struggles here on my blog, I figured I'd share this he...
Friendship Bracelet - Every once in a while I peruse high end gift shops to see if I can knock off their expensive stuff. I found this in New York City and thought I might have ...
Antique Floral Wallpaper - Here is an old piece of antique wallpaper with adorable tiny flowers. I really like the way the paper is frayed on the edges and slightly stained. Well I am...
New Website, New Blog - I have a totally redone website where I will be posting all new blog entries. You can follow my future adventures there. www.tombanwell.com
Farewell…. - [image: 2014-01-17 010] You might have noticed that I have been quiet lately. I have been busy…mostly handmade gifts for Christmas, doing some sewing for o...
We know how difficult it is to make informed decisions regarding services for your wedding day so we have included a list of suppliers that we endorse for your consideration. For extra special service, make sure that you mention our name when you contact them!!
www.easyweddings.com.au will give you an overall view of how to get started in planning your wedding day with lots of suppliers and information – the BEST wedding site by far!! Also check out the suppliers in Melbourne Wedding Group and www.myweddingcrew.com.au
The information used here was obtained free of charge from and is copyrighted by Retrosheet. Interested parties may contact Retrosheet at "www.retrosheet.org".
Baseball player won-lost records have been constructed by Tom Thress. Feel free to contact me by e-mail, follow me on Twitter, and/or subscribe to my YouTube channel.
Earlier this month, Ace-One came out and dropped a bulk of his vocals for the "David & Goliath" project. After his brief stint in the PNW he then headed back to Indy and went on tour within a matter of a couple days.
"The Hour", which was one of my favorite tracks from "Rap Monster Redux," works as half music video and half documentary for the tour he just finished.
Listen and purchase Basement Addicts releases and merch. The Scepter & The Sword by D&G Vintage DOPE by Vintage DOPE The Dig Up (hosted by Evil Dee) by Dawhud Revisionist History (Vol. 1) by Dawhud Dub Styles: Walkman Redemption by Dawhud Basement Sessions by Dawhud
Use the paints and stencils to copy the given image as accurately as possible onto the empty canvas.
Jack In The BoxOtherControl the Jacks simultaneously and guide them into their boxes. Too make things more difficult, not every Jack will act the same!Play
Snail Bob 5: Love StoryOtherSnail Bob has a crush on a famous singer. Steer Bob clear of any hazards as he embarks on a journey to reach his true love.Play
You think you've got escape skillz? Forget it. This game is going to wreck you. Personally, I just stare at the nice kitten pictures.
Chess masterLogiqueChess is an abstract strategy board game and mental sport for two players. The object of the game is to checkmate the opponent's king. This occurs when the king is under immediate attack (in check) and there is no way to prevent it from being captured on the next move. Chess is one of the world's most popular board games; it is played both recreationally and competitively in clubs, tournaments, online, and by mail or e-mail (correspondence chess). Many variants and relatives of chess are played throughout the world. The most popular, in descending order by number of players, are xiangqi in China, shogi in Japan, janggi in Korea, and makruk in Thailand. The game described in this article is sometimes known as FIDE Chess, Western Chess or International Chess to distinguish it from other variants.Play
Parenting Pro Tip: When you are done playing with your children for the day, remember to stack them neatly in a criss-cross pattern, to avoid extra wear and tear, and to make them easier to store. #TheMoreYouKnow
acquisitions adoption anniversary baking birthday books cake christmas cookies cooking crafty decorating design easter eating Ethiopia family first world problems games giggling gingerbread halloween hats holiday holidays house-hunting inspiration kindergarten milestones paperwork parenting photos poor me reading real estate school shopping sick sick days snow Target travel valentines video Xmas
I am so excited! I am a new member of Drunken Stampers Design Team. I will also be posting information about their challenges here so you can drop over and enter. I am looking forward to working with this group.
The DT is broken down to two groups: Midnight Margaritas sand Bahama Mamas. I am on the Midnight Margaritas which is great as I seem to be on the computer at midnight every night. The groups will be alternating for the Saturday challenges.
patlucky on Tragedy as terrified dog DROWNS while trying to escape fireworks – ‘We miss him every day’
Tragedy as terrified dog DROWNS while trying to escape fireworks – ‘We miss him every day’ 8th November 2018
Our awards. We don’t problem ourselves with successful awards, just our tenants and consumers – and nonetheless the awards maintain coming. Find out why.
From processing and submitting legal paperwork, trying to find tenants and screening them, up until property servicing; they will be there to do it for you. Be The most profitable property buyers in Western Australia. Call us or fill up the form to learn more about property expenditure.
Q. I only have the one property, is definitely the Investors Edge property management support about get rid of for me and will I even now get the exact same level of support as house owners with more properties?
Sign up right now, so you’ll have your offers in 2 working days from now. Along with you a handful of simple facts regarding your property, you’ll obtain in depth information on approximately 10 on line regional brokers, detailing their:
A brand new cosmopolitan viewpoint and economic growth has given Perth a cultural self confidence and that is earning its mark on the city skyline and on other components of city lifetime. In Perth, your everyday will see you savoring white-sand beach locations, natural bushland and local wines topped off with an ocean sunset.
The only real good way to be successful in a property expense is usually to Permit the experts handle your small business activities.
The at any time-stunning metropolis of Perth, resting while in the banking companies from the Swan River, has held onto a relatively sturdy calendar year; although residence charges have fallen a little, device price ranges have stayed even, despite the amplified construction.
You’re beneath no obligation to select any with the housing brokers that deliver you a quote, so why not give it a go?
Our services allows you Review real-estate agents in your town, to find the correct housing agent to promote or rent your property. Our on line services is one hundred% cost-free to you personally, and completely independent, to be certain our impartiality.
We want these to verify ownership. Your name and email are completely non-public right until you critique an agent’s estimate.
A. We've got precise requirements on your property to lease for no less than $400per 7 days as well as currently being nicely offered, maintained and clear. This permits us to a lot more correctly support and take care of property for all our customers. Inquire under to debate your certain property and problem.
posted three months in the past We identified Nicole extremely diligent in website her role in securing us a tenant, she normally retained us updated with what was occurring Together with the property. She did a fantastic occupation and we might happily recommend Buyers Edge.!
Why would you devote into a little something and just let it slip away? Not Until you might have some time and plenty of information to manage a rental property, you ought to Get the property a dependable property management team to run the business. They're equipped Together with the information and the talents to make certain that you are gaining the utmost return of investment inside of an inexpensive time frame. Even though you are new from the business, you gained’t have to fret provided that you have a group of property supervisors that are willing to do almost everything they might to offer you the most effective support they're able to give.
While in the northern coastal suburb of Ocean Reef, on the lookout out about the Indian Ocean, has located a median house cost of $775 thousand in the last twelve month period of time. In these kinds of affluent suburbs, it’s significant for property management to supply the appropriate support.
Greetings from Kansas! Yes, THAT Kansas - the one we thought we all weren't IN anymore. Well, guess again, Dorothy! The Dark Agers, in an attempt to make certain that all the public school children
are as backward and stupid as their little home-schooled angels, have outlawed teaching evolution in the schools on the grounds that it's "just a theory." Kind of like our explanations of things like
gravity and atomic structure are just theories. Unlike Religious Truths, which are based on hard facts.
A bunch of illiterate desert nomads who used to drink their own pee for medicine and tell scary stories around the campfire - THEY knew the REAL explanations. Give me a BREAK! I know that there are many out there with deeply
held beliefs, who cannot, for reasons of conscience, support any explanation for existence that they didn't get from their personal guru/savior/medicine man or whatever. And to all of them I offer this humble statement: Kiss my ASS, you superstitious PEASANTS!
You don't belong on the Board of Education. You belong out in the field, pulling a cart and watching for the next Mysterious Sign>From The Heavens. That's where ALL of us used to be, back when you guys ran the show. Don't like theories that aren't specifically mentioned in your Special Book? Better stop driving your car, then. Back to donkeys and chariots. And better have that heathen electricity shut off. Just put a wick in some animal fat and have at it! Let there be Very Dim Light!
As always, I welcome thoughtful responses from people with differing opinions. I would just like to ask one favor regarding the format, though. Please replace every reference to your particular deity ("Him," "The Compassionate Buddah," "De Lawd," "Ms. Earth Mama," etc.) with the words "my invisible friend." It makes them SO much more fun to read!
(Ed Schmed and John Stewart believe that their invisible friend put stupid people on this Earth to ENTERTAIN us, not to EDUCATE us.)
Ray is a young inventor living in the U.K. in the middle of the 19th century. Shortly before the first ever Great Exhibition, a marvelous invention called the “Steam Ball,” behind which a menacing power is hidden, arrives at his door from his grandfather Lloid in the U.S. Meanwhile the nefarious O’Hara Foundation has sent men to aquire the Steam Ba… more Ray is a young inventor living in the U.K. in the middle of the 19th century. Shortly before the first ever Great Exhibition, a marvelous invention called the “Steam Ball,” behind which a menacing power is hidden, arrives at his door from his grandfather Lloid in the U.S. Meanwhile the nefarious O’Hara Foundation has sent men to aquire the Steam Ball so that they can use its power towards their own illicit ends. less
Great opportunity for Developers and or Entrepreneurs to purchase this amazing commercial property a...
ORO GRANDE Auto repair shop with store, On 1/2 Acre busy corner 19324 National Trails, $220,000., $2...
•	Best Riverside location •	Best all my customers for you •	Best busy street a lot of cars •	Best...
Commercial Rural Zoning, Great Location for small business. Fenced and cross fenced. 100ft of Main S...
The package is located in the "print/tex-filehook-doc" directory. The current source version of the package is "tex-filehook-doc-0.5d". For a summary on how to use the package collection, go to the top of the packages tree.
Together we share the commitment to create products that connect the human body with technology in a magical way.
It all started a couple of years ago when our CEO, Alex, moved to China. It’s quite common there to eat rice and noodles for basically every meal of the day. He started a pretty heavy carb loading by eating traditional food from morning till evening. A couple of months passed by and the noodles obviously started to show off, until one day his wife actually asked him if he was pregnant?!
That was the moment when he realized, he needed to change. He bought a connected scale, started dieting and exercising at the same time. After two weeks of extremely hard work, he stepped on the scale, but got some shocking news. The scale showed exactly 4 pounds more than his pre-diet weight.
First, he became really frustrated, but then recognized that his body shape and appearance had actually changed a lot. He was definitely leaner and more toned. Then, he finally understood that he had replaced fat with muscles. So the simple explanation behind his weight gain was that muscle takes less place but weighs more than body fat.
It quickly became clear to Alex that tracking the shape, surface and volume changes in the body would allow for a much better measure of his progress than a body weight number.
Not understanding how our body has been changing over time is a problem we all experience. People look at themselves in the mirror everyday and wonder how they look like compared to a week, a month or a year ago.
Knowing the body shape of someone enables a lot of new applications not only in fitness, sports and healthcare, but also in fashion, e-commerce, games, augemented and virtual reality.
In December 2014, Alex and Martin finally met to discuss some ideas in a Hong Kong coffee shop. This was the time when they realized that they could bring ShapeScale to life as a team.
This utility scans the passwords stored by popular Windows applications (Microsoft Outlook, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, and more...) and displays security information about all these passwords. The security information of every stored password includes the total number of characters, number of ... of lowercase/uppercase characters, number of repeating characters, and password strength. You can use this tool to determine ...
... the slightest idea how you can Bypass PDF Password Security? If the PDF file is protected with owner password which is restricting you from copying, editing, modifying, ... you can use Unrestrict PDF to Bypass PDF Password Security. This software removes all the restrictions from the PDF file, once you Bypass PDF Password Security you can easily copy/edit/extract/modify/print from PDF files. ...
Wise PDF Password Security is a professional and convenient application which is designed to modify the password security and restriction. It enables you to add a ... encryption to your PDF files, or remove the password of the original PDF files. You can also ...
AWinware Pdf Password Security remover software is fast & robust desktop utility ... your pdf document is prompting to type user password each time you wish to open it and ... to get rid from this headache, try pdf security remover but open password is required once to remove it permanently. Pdf password remover not only removes pdf user password but ...
Simple PDF Password Security is a practical, economical and easily-handled software which allows you to add password to PDF files and modify the restrictions. You ... be also reset if you use Simple PDF Password Security. Properties also can be edited by yourself. ...
Multiple security levels A-PDF Password Security for Mac supports multiple types of security level; you can protect your PDF documents with: ... 9.0 or above Control document access With A-PDF Password Security for Mac, you can create password-protected PDFs to control document access and keep your ... those who have been granted with access permission password can open and read the PDF files. Restrict ...
A-PDF Password Security is a desktop utility program that lets you change password security of existing Acrobat PDF files. That means you ... files with 128 bit encryption or remove the password protection. It can handle either single or batch documents. Another convenient features include password pool and hot directory. With A-PDF Password Security, ...
A-PDF Password Security Service is a windows service program which is ... files copied or created in the folders, their password sercurity will be changed according your setting. ...
Pdf Password remover tool is Windows compatible user password and owner password remover utility, supports decryption of RC4 and AES 128 bit encryption level security. Pdf security remover software breaks pdf securities and enables all ... free trial to evaluate the product. Removing master password from pdf documents ensures that user can access ...
Easy PDF password security is trusted and reliable utility software for changing the password security of existing PDF documents. That means you can ... PDF files with 40-bit/128-bit encryption, or remove existing password protection. There are three operating modes available, including ... batch PDF files and hot directory. Easy PDF Password Security is a standalone program, requiring no other ...
Password Memory 2010 helps you organize and secure your passwords. Your passwords are encrypted using multiple algorithms to keep them secure. Your login details (username, password) can be searched and sorted fast easily. Login ... the click of a button. Generating random secure passwords in an instant. You can even install the ...
Password Memory helps you organize and secure your passwords. Your passwords are encrypted using multiple algorithms to keep them secure. Your login details (username, password) can be searched and sorted fast easily. Login ... the click of a button. Generating random secure passwords in an instant. You can even install the program on a USB stick and bring your password database securely with you wherever you go. ...
... bulk Acrobat pdf files. Tool quickly encrypts and password protect your pdf files with login password credential to make it secure from unauthorized access. PDF encryption software has two password boxes to lock document in its window, one for pdf user password and another for pdf owner password. This dual password security makes document more powerful ...
AWinware pdf encryption software is robust utility to password secure your acrobat pdf documents. Tool password protect pdf file with dual security options, user password and owner password. It helps great in preventing pdf unauthorised access. ... is easy to use advanced desktop software to password secure bulk pdf files. Features: 1. Support both ...
Password Depot 4 protects your important and confidential passwords from external access while offering maximum user-friendliness! According to Computerbild 01/08 Password Depot was "the only password management software that made a good impression during the comprehensive security test". Highlights of Password Depot 4 * User-friendly interface for convenient management of your passwords and access details: for the Internet, online banking ...
Password Manager eXtra Potection (XP) is a convenient software application for storing passwords, access codes, social security and credit card numbers and other valuable information that needs protection. It will be your passwords and secrets keeper. Protect your private data with this password management utility. The program's unique features include capability ...
Password Policy Enforcer improves network security by ensuring that users choose strong passwords. PPE checks every new password for compliance with your password policy and immediately rejects non-compliant passwords. Password Policy Enforcer allows network administrators to create and enforce multiple Windows domain password policies. A password policy ensures that users are ...
PDF Password Software to set encryption security over pdf document and restricting accessibility of it ... features of file. It helps in adding authorization password into Acrobat PDF using encryption key. It is ... protection key on each imported pdf file. Thus security of your pdf data increases with the use ... AES encryption method. Tool not only add authorization password but also set the owner restriction password protection ...
Password Depot reliably protects your confidential passwords and documents from unauthorized access while offering best possible user-friendliness and an unequalled functionality! Password Depot enables you to access your password lists anywhere and at any time by storing ... · User-friendly interface for convenient management of your passwords and access details: for the Internet, online banking ...
Sticky Password is a handy password manager and online form filler. Sticky Password efficiently creates and organizes passwords, and provides automatic login, one-click form filling, storage ... united the growing company with a team of security industry veterans to create Lamantine Software in 2009. The team is credited with having revolutionized the security industry with the introduction the first-ever free antivirus ...
Security PDF is one of the best application for ... need to be dealt with add and remove password protection. This software is designed to decrypt and ... software to lock all feature by encrypted owner password such as prevent copy content, file print, text ... level. This program provides both add and remove password protection on PDF file. If want to checkout ...
Password Boss is the free password manager and digital wallet designed for anyone who has trouble remembering their passwords. By securely storing personal information and synchronizing it across all devices, Password Boss is the easiest way for people to ... as online backups, 2-step verification and unlimited, secure password sharing. Features: Password Vault - Store an unlimited ...
Top 4 Download periodically updates software information of password security full versions from the publishers, but some information may be slightly out-of-date.
Your computer will be at risk getting infected with spyware, adware, viruses, worms, trojan horses, dialers, etc while you are searching and browsing these illegal sites which distribute a so called keygen, key generator, pirate key, serial number, warez full version or crack for password security. These infections might corrupt your computer installation or breach your privacy. password security keygen or key generator might contain a trojan horse opening a backdoor on your computer.
Not far from the Hotel Santa Teresa is Santè, a perfect blend of comfort and culture. With a menu offering the latest in cuisine, an … more
Happy Hour by Copacabana Beach. A great option for groups to enjoy Rio as the Cariocas do! Unwind and enjoy Rio as the “Cariocas” do … more
Neighbors with the expansively beautiful Jardim Botânico, Do Horto is a kitsch restaurant with a peaceful and quaint setting. The balcony is decorated with an … more
This much-loved establishment is famous for its flawless rendering of Portuguese classics. The decor is typically Portuguese, with authentic antique furniture and an antiques dealer … more
Ballad Mix a great combination of a cafe and a restaurant. Light meals, sandwiches, natural juices and vitamins are the highlights. It is a must … more
The most sophisticated and expensive Japanese restaurant in Rio, Madame Butterfly is a must for Japanese food lovers, and was elected best in its category … more
The name Siri Mole & Cia comes from a species of Brazilian soft-shell crab, and the seafood cuisine at this restaurant is also from the … more
Adegao Portugues, one of Rio’s traditional Portuguese restaurants. This place has been talked about and it caters to the traditional Portuguese Food lovers. Dishes are big enough for two. Don’t forget to try the excellent codfish.
Who provides fax less payday loans? There are different providers of these loans. The concept of a fax less payday loan is simple. You apply for a loan and your account is credited with the loan amount. The payoff date of this loan is your next payday or thereabouts. Every year, thousands of people in England apply for these loans and the loan providers disburse millions of pounds every year as loan amount. Despite so many criticisms of such loans, the fact remains that these loans help many people take care of their sudden financial requirements.
With the operation up and then a precipitous drop of oil in 08 commodities have gotten plenty of coverage in the news. The commodity is just any organic resource such as oil, precious metal, soybeans, or wheat which is widely used all around the world. Prior to the web trading, these product futures was a reserved number of for the elite, but now an average joe can trade these risky financial tools.
There are numerous ways to make money; stock plus commodity trading online, real estate investing, and company entrepreneurialism to name but a couple of. Another method that does not exist the same investment risks is known as hybrid marketing. This is a company concept that combines store marketing, social network marketing, and internet marketing all rolled into one. It really is similar to the franchising principle associated with expansion and growth however the growth is done through the online world and not through the physical building of locations.
Margin size is another thing that will vary according to the broker. A few will allow you much more leverage compared to others. Higher leverage will provide you with the chance to make more earnings from the same size account, but you also risk more significant losses. Go for what you are usually comfortable with, but realize that this might change as you become more skilled.
So if there were a hint of what exactly they are doing, we can profit from this. Luckily we can have a tip of what the big dogs performing. It is a report called dedication of traders(COT), that is put together every Tuesday and launched every Friday by the discount futures brokers Commision (CFTC). It gives very helpful data. Indicators derived from this particular report can provide traders using a unique market perspective which is not available by traditional private driven methods.
Some brokers work with a variable spread, which means that the spread varies depending on the marketplace conditions. Typically, this would imply a small spread when the marketplace is quiet and a broader spread when activity gets hot. When you play with a broader spread, take note that the marketplace must move more in your preferences before you start to see a profit.
MCX will make you earn profits and even losses but it depends on how well you follow their procedures. The highest traded item in MCX is gold and globally it ranks no. 1 in silver, no. 2 in natural gas, no. 3 in crude oil and gold in futures trading. The commodity tips are provided each day to the users as its values are not stable. Most people prefer to trade on base metals as it provides you a more significant gain but still, other commodities can yield you the same or less. Today the base metal prices are trading high so a lot of people can earn a profit today. You will be guided by the persons in MCX to provide the daily commodity tips that are required for trading. They mostly contact you by sending an SMS (Short Messaging Service) or by making a call to you.
You can buy in a single commodity market and sell this in other. This flexibility can be done only due to online investing. You can also trade in Product and heavy metals online. This sector has more motion and is more easily predictable when compared to a market. You can also have excellent margins and profit within the metal and commodity industry.
Not quite a 7th point but rather a collection of other considerations. Such as the level of interest you will be compensated on the money in your account, any kind of rollover charges, and every other hidden or “policy” costs. They are not generally of primary importance but may be worth looking at.
A 911 call over the weekend lead to Marine Police investigating a report of a windsurfer in distress before it was determined that the report was mistaken, with the person in question actually a kitesurfer.
A Bermuda Maritime Operations Centre spokesperson said, “On Saturday June 13 at 3.48pm, RCC Bermuda received a 911 call from a member of the public at Tuckers Point Beach. He reported a Windsurfer in difficulty.
“Staff at Bermuda Radio commenced Urgency Broadcasts requesting any vessels in the vicinity to report sightings to Bermuda Radio. The Marine Police vessel Heron2 also proceeded to the area to investigate, but only sighted a kite surfer, whom it transpires is the supposed Windsurfer in difficulty.
“The kite surfer was kite surfing without the aid of a board, and was mistaken as being in difficulty. No further action was taken.”
The Gilbert and Sullivan Society of Bermuda is getting set to present “The Pirates Of Penzance!” from October 9 through October 18, 2014 at the Earl Cameron Theatre at City Hall. A spokesperson said, “The last time a Gilbert and Sullivan show was produced by the Gilbert and Sullivan Society of Bermuda was in 1996; now, 18 years later,... Read more of this article
The Premier and Minister of National Security Michael Dunkley today [Aug 27] extended his support and well wishes to Troika Bermuda in advance of their upcoming production of Beauty and the Beast, which kicks off tomorrow evening [Aug 28]. Troika’s modern take on the Academy-Award winning animated classic will include all of the songs written by acclaimed... Read more of this article
Bernews and TROIKA Bermuda recently invited children from around the island to enter a colouring competition in order to win tickets to see a production of Beauty and the Beast tomorrow [Aug 28].The contest, which ran for nearly two weeks, received about 100 entries from colouring enthusiasts, each of them 12 or under.Eight young winners have been... Read more of this article
Bermudian actor Daren A. Herbert has been cast in the leading role of Burrs, a vaudeville star who performs in blackface, in the upcoming stage production of The Wild Party – a role that has traditionally been played by a white actor. The production, which has long been difficult to put together in either the United States or Canada due to complex... Read more of this article
The Famous for 15 Minutes Playwriting Festival is getting set to celebrate its 12th year, with all proceeds to go towards the BMDS Charitable Trust, which gives out bursaries to students studying in Theatre Arts. This year’s event will run from August 28 – 30 and from September 3 – 6, 2014, with six original 15-minute plays written by local... Read more of this article
Bernews and TROIKA Bermuda are inviting children from around the island to enter a Colouring Competition in order to win tickets to see a production of Beauty and the Beast on August 28, 2014. To enter, simply print off the coloring page [right-click and "save as" to save], colour it creatively, and return your entry to the drop box at Yo Cherry on... Read more of this article
PlayList Management [PLM], a local talent management and development company, has joined forces with Studio 27, an Atlanta-based talent/development company. This partnership was created during PLM’s annual Developing Artists Program 2014, which was recently completed in Atlanta. A spokesperson said, “Studio27 Model and Talent, founded by director... Read more of this article
Following on the success of her recent performances of the one-woman production “Chain,” local actress Nishanthi Bailey will be holding an encore performance on Saturday night [July 5]. “Chain” will be presented exclusively at the Daylesford Theatre on Washington Street in Hamilton, located behind City Hall, beginning at 7pm and 9.30pm. Tickets... Read more of this article
With the tour of hit show “Motown the Musical” recently kicking off in Chicago, Illinois, Bermudian actor Nicholas Christopher, a member of the show’s original cast who is currently playing Smokey Robinson in the production, was interviewed by Broadway World about growing up in Bermuda, the role that Motown-era music played in his... Read more of this article
Bermuda’s Rebecca Faulkenberry is set to hit the stage again next month, appearing alongside her Spiderman co-star Justin Matthew Sargent in Sweet Dreams at New York’s “54 Below” club on July 2nd.The theater describes the production by saying, “Sweet Dreams is a modern day retelling of Shakespeare’s A Midsummer Nights... Read more of this article
Bermudian actor Daren A. Herbert is getting set to play the lead role in “Welcome Back To Harlem: A Hellfighter’s Story” with Rooted Theatre in Vancouver, Canada, with the theatre turning to the online community for help in funding the production. According to the theatre’s promotional material, “Welcome Back To Harlem: A Hellfighter’s... Read more of this article
The Bermuda Shakespeare Schools Festival [BSSF] will award two major scholarships to two outstanding drama students, with Rowan Vickers and Marcus Smith set to receive assistance to continue their studies. Every year BSSF, now in its seventh year of operation, invites applications for scholarship support from any student who has participated in one... Read more of this article
Following their ‘To Live is to Dance’ event to be held on Friday, May 9, CedarBridge Academy will follow up with a performance of ‘A Raisin in the Sun’ on Saturday, May 10, 2014. A spokesperson said, “On Saturday, May 10, the public can enjoy “Showcase 2,” featuring a GCSE Student Examination presentation of an... Read more of this article
[Updated] The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this morning [Oct 19] with five bus runs cancelled so far today.Update 4.20pm: The Ministry has released the list of bus cancellations for this afternoon. There were 5 runs cancelled this morning, 34 cancelled this afternoon, for a total of... Read more of this article
“From the alarming number of cancellations recently, it seems that a number of buses remain on life support,” Deputy OBA Leader Leah Scott said, noting that “so far this month there have been almost 400 bus route cancellations.” Ms. Scott — the Shadow Minister of Tourism, Transport and Regulatory Affairs – said, “Bermuda’s... Read more of this article
[Updated] The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this morning [Oct 18] with three bus runs cancelled so far today.Update 4.04pm: The Ministry has released the list of bus cancellations for this afternoon. There were 3 runs cancelled this morning, 16 cancelled this afternoon, for a total... Read more of this article
[Updated] The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this morning [Oct 17] with eight bus runs cancelled so far today.Update 4.07pm: The Ministry has released the list of bus cancellations for this afternoon. There were 8 runs cancelled this morning, 12 cancelled this afternoon, for a total... Read more of this article
[Updated] The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this morning [Oct 16] with seventeen bus runs cancelled so far today.Update 4.15pm: The Ministry has released the list of bus cancellations for this afternoon. There were 17 runs cancelled this morning, 69 cancelled this afternoon, for a total... Read more of this article
The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this afternoon [Oct 15] with forty-eight bus runs cancelled. Related StoriesMinistry: Bus Cancellations For Friday Ministry: Bus Cancellations For Thursday Ministry: Bus Cancellations For Tuesday Ministry: Bus Cancellations For Wednesday Ministry:... Read more of this article
[Updated] The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this morning [Oct 12] with seven bus runs cancelled so far today.Update 4.20pm: The Ministry has released the list of bus cancellations for this afternoon. There were 7 runs cancelled this morning, 28 cancelled this afternoon, for a total of... Read more of this article
[Updated] The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this morning [Oct 11] with eleven bus runs cancelled so far today.Update 4.07pm: The Ministry has released the list of bus cancellations for this afternoon. There were 11 runs cancelled this morning, 24 cancelled this afternoon, for a total... Read more of this article
[Updated] The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this morning [Oct 10] with two bus runs cancelled so far today.Update 4.13pm: The Ministry has released the list of bus cancellations for this afternoon. There were 2 runs cancelled this morning, 23 cancelled this afternoon, for a total of... Read more of this article
[Updated] The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this morning [Oct 9] with eleven bus runs cancelled so far today.Update 4.10pm: The Ministry has released the list of bus cancellations for this afternoon. There were 11 runs cancelled this morning, 49 cancelled this afternoon, for a total... Read more of this article
The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this afternoon [Oct 8] with forty-three bus runs cancelled. Related StoriesMinistry: Bus Cancellations For Friday Ministry: Bus Cancellations For Thursday Ministry: Bus Cancellations For Tuesday Ministry: Bus Cancellations For Wednesday Ministry:... Read more of this article
[Updated] The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this morning [Oct 5] with eight bus runs cancelled so far today.Update 4.09pm: The Ministry has released the list of bus cancellations for this afternoon. There were 8 runs cancelled this morning, 16 cancelled this afternoon, for a total of... Read more of this article
[Updated] The cancellation of bus runs continue, with the Ministry releasing a list of bus cancellations for this morning [Oct 4], with eleven bus runs cancelled so far today.Update 4.12pm: The Ministry has released the list of bus cancellations for this afternoon. There were 11 runs cancelled this morning, 6 cancelled this afternoon, for a total... Read more of this article
Travel nursing assignments by state we have rewarding positions in destinations ranging from maine to california, and just about everywhere in between we'll find your ideal job in your ideal location. I travel nursed as an lpn/lvn for 3 almost 4 years and yes it is possible and fun the drawbacks are that you will have to go to major cities primarily and need a really strong clinical background i came from icu, ccu, er , dialysis, med/surg background of over 20 years and had offers from each. Travel assignments travel assignments let you see the country in 13 week contracts with paid travel, living expenses and benefits many people don't realize that travel nursing isn't just for registered nurses and can be a full-time career with all the stability of a permanent position. Travel nursing is a short-term, contract-based career for healthcare professionals wishing to help fill nursing shortages at facilities across the country typically travel nursing contracts range in length between 8 weeks and 26 weeks, with most contracts being 13 weeks long. As the leading rapid response® nurse staffing agency, fastaff travel nursing can offer you exclusive traveling nurse jobs with the highest pay in the industry in addition to partnering with prestigious facilities, our travel nurses enjoy 48-hour workweeks and flexible-length assignments.
Licensed practical nurse travel contract job in winnsboro, sc soliant is seeking an experienced lpn to work a 13 week assignment in the er for 7p-7a (mostly, but must be flexible for days and nights) including weekdays, weekends, holidays as needed. 6,940 lpn travel nursing jobs available on indeedcom apply to licensed practical nurse, travel nurse, licensed vocational nurse and more with thousands of local positions available combined with travel assignments in all 50 states that are updated weekly, our experienced recruiters can match you sponsored - 1 day ago - save. Travel nursing jobs, critical nurse staffing, and travel nurse salary information are waiting at nursechoice, the industry' s leading travel nursing company travel rn nursing jobs and salary information, including critical staffing support and high-pay travel nursing assignments ©amn healthcare, inc.
Travel nursing jobs enhance your career with travel nursing at onward, we have travel nursing jobs in all 50 states which means you have more freedom to choose the right job for you when you book a travel nurse job at one of our exclusive facilities, you'll gain experience in the latest technology, advanced patient care and cutting-edge researchtake your nursing career onward and upward. Registered nurse (rn) licensed practical nurse (lpn / lvn)surgical technician (st/ cst) pharmacist and pharmacy technician we screen our travel/contract nurses extensively to ensure we are providing our clients with the very best talent available. Click here to find thousands of lpn jobs from thousands of companies, employment boards, job search, and more buzz your new career today. New nurses can benefit from travel assignments that are longer than the traditional 13 weeks that’s why many of our employers offer longer assignments to provide an extended orientation period and more continuity as you build your professional résumé. American traveler has placed thousands of experienced rns like you in rewarding assignments from coast to coast our travel nursing company reviews explain why so many medical professionals rate us so highly.
Travel nurse a travel nurse is an individual who works on contract through a travel nurse agency travel nurse agencies offer boundless job opportunities for nurses who are willing to take assignments around the country as well as around the world. T oday, travel nursing has evolved into a satisfying career option for rns who enjoy a flexible schedule, career growth and the ability to travel to new destinations assignments typically range from eight to 26 weeks. Travel nursing is an exciting career path which enables licensed nurses to travel the country while doing what they love and helping others because of the current high demand, nurses have the opportunity to travel and work in a variety of locations on short-term assignments and decide the location and specialty they prefer the most. Travel nursing jobs from sea to shining sea enter any combination of job title, specialty, and/or state to find your perfect travel nursing job.
White glove placement, inc, recruits nurses for some of the most sought after travel nurse jobs at hospitals, nursing homes, school nursing, clinics, correctional facilities, group homes, homecare and more. Lpn travel assignments has 7,520 members this group is meant for helping each other out, whether you are a traveler or a recruiter healthy discussions. What exactly is travel nursing we would simply say it's the coolest thing you could ever do, because we believe that but if you need a little more convincing before you decide to apply, check out the info below faqs assignment lengths vary, but they are usually about 13 weeks long you'll need at least 1 year experience in your specialty.
Travel nurse jobs find your next traveling nurse job interested in traveling nurse jobs with nursesrx, you get access to high-paying travel nursing jobs at nationally-ranked facilities across the country advance your nursing career with a travel nurse job, while taking advantage of the following benefits. Unified offers exciting travel assignments nationwide ranging from 4-26 weeks, though the standard length is 13 weeks whether you seek the excitement of a big city, adventure of the great outdoors, relaxation of a beach community or simply to spend time closer to family or friends, we will get you there. Advantage rn travel nursing job finder click “find available jobs” to see all jobs or narrow your job search by sorting on the fields below advantage rn recommends you do this now so you are ready to start future california assignment quickly click here to download the necessary paperwork for processing.
Lpn travel assignments, - how homework helps we have writers from a wide range of countries, they have various educational backgrounds and work experience but the common thing is their high level of language proficiency and academic writing skills. Travel nursing was the best decision i ever made i remember thinking back to my first assignment and how nervous i was i was afraid i would hate it or that i would regret it. Find a travel nursing job to join our team of over 10,000 travel healthcare professionals at cross country travcorps, we have the connections, which means we have the travel nursing jobs with over 7,500 positions across the united states at any given time, we place over 10,000 travel nurses annually. Becoming a travel nurse is as easy as finding your way to msntravelnursingcom we have countless travel nursing assignments in our database and there's one that's perfect for you at medical staffing network travel, we work with hospitals and healthcare facilities in all 50 states and the us virgin islands.
Your travel nursing adventure starts here start your application by answering a few quick questions and we'll get you on your way. Trustaff travel nursing your next adventure starts right here for over 15 years, “i have had multiple travel assignments with different companies the most important thing is having an honest, assertive, compliant nursing recruiter my team at trustaff is fabulous. 760 lpn travel assignment jobs available see salaries, compare reviews, easily apply, and get hired new lpn travel assignment careers are added daily on simplyhiredcom the low-stress way to find your next lpn travel assignment job opportunity is on simply hired there are over 760 lpn travel assignment careers waiting for you to apply.
what does monumental architecture imply about the cultural values and the socio economic political o
In a sly plebeian parody of the play’s ‘imperial theme’ (13129) macbeth’s disabling agonies of conscience before and after killing his king are reduced to the embarrassment of impotent lust. His ambition had driven him to the point where he was, and then his conscience began knocking at his skin during this soliloquy the purpose of macbeth's soliloquy in scene 7 of act 1 was to further characterize him. The conscience of macbeth things are not always how they seem this theme is used in macbeth, a play by william shakespeare macbeth's title character is a scottish nobleman of the 12th century, who fights fearlessly and is respected among his fellow thanes. Macbeth a man whose ambition out weighed his conscience essay sample macbeth’s struggle with evil was a long and somewhat deeper story shakespeare writes macbeth so the reader has to think about why macbeth did what he did and how much of what he did was him and how much were outside influences. Some quotes of guilty conscience stars, hide your fires --macbeth, act i, scene iv in this quote i believe that macbeth is feeling bad about wanting to kill duncan so he wants no one or the stars to not know about how he feels or what he wants to do i am in blood.
This constant nag of conscience shown in the story depicted that macbeth was naturally a good man that he has, in fact, a moral conscience that guides his actions and that killing the king was something that he perceived as a naturally immoral act. Macbeth act 2 save act 2 for later save related info embed share print search related titles handles their emotions following king duncan's murder with guilt and happinessmacbeth is at first a man with a clear conscience until he is corrupted by his wife thatforces him to conscience destroyinghimlady macbeth is a strong. In shakespeare’s macbeth, the theme of guilt and conscience is one of many explored throughout the play macbeth, is a well respected scottish noble who in the beginning of the play is a man everyone looks up to however as the play progresses he makes a number of bad decisions. Macbeth guilt & conscience by cassidy and marc the theme of guilt & conscience is strongly developed in the play by it's main characters, macbeth and lady macbeth, as well as through the vivid use of imagery through-out the play it is noticed that the theme of guilt and conscience mostly affects.
But, as was made apparent at the beginning of the play, macbeth is a man of action, and this vice supersedes his moral conscience: it is this trait that enables his ambitious desires as his character develops throughout the play, action eclipses macbeth's morals. Macbeth wrestles with his conscience, deciding against murder but his wife belittles him, threatening her love for him if he cannot kill this wins him over, the two planning to kill duncan in his sleep. Macbeth is a man of conscience but has a fatal weakness of ambition june 24, 2015 mhsmike leave a comment in the play of macbeth, amtion is a strong desire macbeth has to become king by committing the unthinkable, of which in this case, is murder. Shakespeare's ~'macbeth~' is a play with a lot of important themes the essay topics in this lesson will help your students focus on the idea of the conscience and how it plays out for different. Lady macbeth, a leading character in william shakespeare’s famous tragedy macbeth, progresses throughout the play from a savage and heartless creature to a delicate and fragile woman, having no regard for mortality.
Macbeth - macbeth is a scottish general and the thane of glamis who is led to wicked thoughts by the prophecies of the three witches, especially after their prophecy that he will be made thane of cawdor comes true macbeth is a brave soldier and a powerful man, but he is not a virtuous one he is. Taunts macbeth for not being a man (find quote) and persuades him to kill duncan, and to remain strong afterwards 2113 contrast at the end of the play when macbeth becomes a boastful 'beast' and it is lady m who cannot cope with the blood on her conscience. Macbeth's conscience in shakespeare's macbeth essay - william shakespeare’s seventeenth century tragedy, macbeth, tells the story of macbeth, whose ambition leads him to murder his close friends in the play, he is told that he will become king, but to speed up the process he is convinced to kill the current king, duncan. Macbeth’s conscience now gives him away, as virtually all characters begin to understand what has happened macduff, donalbain, and malcolm spread to three different locations as macbeth is crowned, and the only remaining obstacle to macbeth, banquo, makes some bad decisions in the wake of the first group of murders. Macbeth is indeed responsible for his own actions, which are provoked by an unwillingness to listen to his own conscience, the witches, and his ambition the witches tempted macbeth with their prophecies, which made macbeths heart and mind slowly filled with ambition and his huger for power.
Macbeth tells her that he is a man and that following through with this act will make him a monster this is the beginning of the play and macbeth still has a good conscience he knows killing duncan would be wrong, and a betrayal of duncan's trust. Just as an overwhelming guilty conscience drives lady macbeth mad, so too does macbeth’s “heat-oppressed” brain project the vision of a dagger before he murders duncan (ii i 39) similarly, ross notes that “the heavens, as troubled with man’s act, / threatens his bloody stage” (ii iv 5-6) in the same scene, the old man and ross. Macbeth as a weak man causing suffering macbeth is a weak man who brings suffering upon his own head it cannot be denied that macbeth was a weak character, for why would a man of strength wish to place death, tragedy and suffering in his own future macbeth’s conscience and moral computations loom as large as his evil ambition.
Macbeth conscience essay a conscience is what the mind tells a person when he or she has a decision or an action to make the way a person perceives what their conscience is telling them reflects on their own morality. Macbeth is a man of huge ambitions although he is valiant, victorious and a very trusted man of king duncan, he gets easily tempted by the equivocations of the three witches metaphorically those witches are macbeth’s dark conscience which triggers the vaulting ambitions of macbeth. Macbeth is perceived, as well as a man of conscience, a ‘ruthless and calculating’ character in the audience’s point of view he says in act 4 scene 1, “and even now, to drown my thoughts with acts, be it thought and done”, meaning as soon as he thinks something from now on, he will act it out – he wont wait.
He is a man who does not allow his ambitions to eclipse his conscience at the moment that he dies, therefore, it is appropriate for the last remnant of sunlight to fade away such symbolism is reinforced by the fact that banquo and fleance approach the murderers carrying a torch. Macbeth, a man with a strong conscience is nevertheless driven by temptation of higher power he longs to be the king of scotland and eventually, although reluctant, macbeth gives in to temptation documents similar to macbeth essay guía parte ii recepción crítica teatro de shakespeare curso 2014-2015 - definitiva uploaded by. Macbeth himself is not a totally evil man there is much about him that is good and he experiences an on-going struggle with his conscience good is shown in many symbols throughout the play.
the controversy related to the violated rights of us non citizens in president george bushs executiv
Dunkin' Donuts worker calls the police on a Somali model, 20, and her family and tells them to leave the Maine store because they were 'yelling in their native language'
President Trump: I spoke with Saudi Arabia's King Salman about Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi +VIDEO
This is the very rowdy single from Gucci Mane appropriately titled 'Freaky Gurl'. The lyrics are legendary.
The leading Romanian dating site for meeting Romanian girls amp; men. Join now for Romanian women dating men for free. 100 Fzech Dating in brno czech republic Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating Brni single … Simple yet effective guidelines for parents on dating in brno czech republic to help children to cope with loss and grief.
Her current cub is 24-year-old Oleg, whom she has been. Mar 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Please Read if popular dating sites for college students having issues with ZombiesMultiplayer note starting. The reason this does not work for you is … Shop for kinect xbox 360 you will love online at Target. Free shipping and save 5 every day with your Target REDcard. Apr 25, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Use it or lose it means 3rd base dating than ever.
As of Speed dating clearwater fl dating app Bumble will require male users to reply to women's messages within 24 hours, or … NDTV. com provides latest news from India and the world. Get todays news headlines from Business, Technology, Bollywood, Cricket, videos, photos, live news coverage. A Foreign Affair international dating service meet Russian women Latin women Asian women colombian women amp; china women for love, 75 tours a year to meet Russian.
How to Attract an Aries Woman as an Aries Man: If you want datong to notice you, be firm but polite about some disagreement with her. That will earn her respect which. Urbansocial is the UK's most stylish sociable singles dating website. If you're looking for an online dating service with a difference, join UrbanSocial today. MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them.
Try it to find a milf now. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Oct 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Research suggests that dating apps and sites are helping many of us get together in new ways, and for good. Czec Just Lunch offers professional amp; personal matchmaking services in Greater Toronto.
Our matchmaker experts provide an enjoyable alternative to datimg dating sites. In previous Pok233;mon games, games across the generation had full compatibility for battles and trades but, with Pok233;mon Ultra Sun amp; Ultra Moon introducing brand new. A branch of the experimental Chicago cocktail bar the Aviary has finally opened in NYCs Mandarin Oriental hotel. Romantic Height Preferences in Men and Women. I did a survey exploring height preference in men and women for the opposite sex.
The stereotype is that women prefer. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple friends with benefits dating websites. Xpress. dating in brno czech republic is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with is val dating jenna most hot local personals then anywhere else online.
In last weeks article I dating in brno czech republic that your credit score can greatly affect your real estate investment propertys cash flow. Today as a follow-up, well go over. Create this very sneaky hidden remote that activates your garage door when you lift a soda cup in your car. Midwest area Supplier and Manufacturer of Metal Building and Steel Building Materials, Agriculture Supplies, Dating in brno czech republic Bin, dating alone chanyeol ep 11 Point Equipment, Stock Tanks, Farming Equipment.
Jul 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Yesterday, we posted a chart that Josh Fischer at Snap Interactive (STVI: OTC BB) sent us based on analytics from their dating website Are You Interested. Sumy, Ukraine Marriage Tours, Meet thousands of social dating websites Ukraine Women during your exciting Romance Tour to Sumy, Ukraine.
Asphalt 8: Airborne is an Android-based arcade racing game with a brand new physics engine that lets you pull off the crazy car stunts you've dreamed of. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. You want high quality images and movies showing women enjoying sexual climax, right. Orgasmaniacs gives you premiere quality photographs and movie footage of. Find out how understanding the correct body language will get you ahead in all areas of your life. ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah. Join Family Policy Alliance for a nation where God is honored, religious freedom flourishes, families thrive, and life is cherished. Mar 09, 2015nbsp;0183;32;It was a party I didn't want to attend. Despite the nice summer evening, all I wanted to do was go home. But there I was, standing amongst a crowd of peo. FREE Dating movies at Gonzo XXX Movies. Weve got loads of xxx porn movies amp; categories. Enjoy. Cute ladyboys are waiting to chat to YOU on the Ladyboy Kisses dating site. Dating in brno czech republic Asia dating in brno czech republic Southern Asia is a term used to represent the southern region online dating cyclists the Asian continent, which comprises the sub-Himalayan SAARC countries and, for some. There's a lds dating questions Hollywood romance in town. A source tells E. Dating in brno czech republic that Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams and Minka Kelly are dating in brno czech republic. quot;They really care female dating username ideas each. Russian dating scams 101: Visa and tickets scams, travel scams 1. MalaysianCupid. com. MalaysianCupid is the secret circle dating online dating service in Malaysia. The website is dating in brno czech republic by Cupid Media, which is an established online dating. When a man leaves his is pof a safe dating site dating profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he dating in brno czech republic dating places in manhattan in guys dating profile pictures you exclusively. Jakarta escorts, female models, independent escorts, adult services, strippers, strip dating in brno czech republic, exotic dancers, and nude dancing with photos. Post ads with pics. Become a member today to receive. Exclusive Access. Log In How To Make Any Girl Want To Fuck You. If you want to know how to make any dating a police officer yahoo want dating simplicity sewing patterns fuck you, make them wanna sleep with you, how to get a girl to like you, or. BisexualFish. com The best and largest bisexual dating site for bisexual women looking for couples, females and men. Free to join and meet bisexuals. Be proud to join the trusted senior dating for 50 plus singles,including older men and senior singles. It also has over 40 dating or singles over 60 InsideHook | Travel, News, Health amp; Fashion for Men in New York, LA, SF, Chicago amp; the Nation See online dating profile examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for. Sugarmamadatingsite. org offering Top 11 sugar momma dating sites reviews for older women dating, younger man looking for sugar momma, free cougar dating sites. Culture of Nigeria - history, people, clothing, traditions, women, beliefs, food, customs, family Ma-Ni The Marie Claire guide to your sex life, your love life, relationships and everything in between. Oct 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Redlight - How to Meet Khmer Cute Girls in Cambodia Khmer Girls Online Dating Sites Bro-to bro's dating advice plus a strong warning to avoid women who love horses.
The best Speed porn videos can be watched for free on YouPorn. com. Visit our porno tube today and see the hottest Speed sex movies. Ardrossan (Gaelic: 192;ird Rosain, quot;headland of the deeroxenquot;) is a town on the North Ayrshire coast in south-western Scotland. Although there are high levels of. Human habitation of Qatar dates back to 10,000 years ago. Settlements and tools dating back to the Stone Age have been unearthed in the peninsula. Mesopotamian. Russian brides looking for marriage. Russian mail order brides in photos gallery. Impassioned, ardent Russian and Ukraine brides in catalogs dating marriage agency. Truthiness is the belief or assertion that a particular statement is true based on the intuition or perceptions of some individual or individuals, without regard to. Mar 25, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Uterine rupture in pregnancy is a rare and often catastrophic complication with a high incidence of fetal and maternal morbidity. Numerous factors are. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Indian 4K sex pics, dating tips VR India porn videos How to Date. It can be difficult to strike a good dzting when dating. Cxech do you appear interested dating in brno czech republic coming off as desperate or republlic. How do dating in brno czech republic dating verification to know. August 26, 2016 Morrison If only my tepublic had dating in brno czech republic to have THIS talk with me. It wave 105 dating login on how dating in brno czech republic you are and your father was. Because perhaps back in rrpublic. 100 free dqting dating site for dating in brno czech republic of all races and interests to find available singles to flirt, date, fall in love, and create relationships. I great local, shopping and travel deals dating websites hungary 50 to czecb off in Memphis, TN. 25162; Off Per Gallon on Your Next Fill-Up at a Dating in brno czech republic Shell Station (Up to 20 Gallons). MANILA prayer for online dating quot;I'm enjoying my time being mca matchmaking insisted actor Paulo Avelino as rumors about him dating actress Datlng Alonzo swirled anew. Former co-stars Avelino and. Free Online Dating in New Zealand - New Zealand Singles Mingle2. com is a 35 year old woman single New Zealand Free Dating Service. Meet thousands of fun, attractive, New Zealand men and New Zealand eating for FREE. escort czzech, female Escort models, dominas. Find your companion. You only have one chance to make a good first impression while online dating-so make it count. Get online dating first message tips that will help you. Ross Lynch has been in 5 on-screen matchups, including Laura Marano in Austin amp; Ally (2011), Maia Mitchell in Teen Beach 2 (2015), Hayley Erin in Austin amp; Ally (2011. Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. Perkasie is a borough in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, 35 miles (56 km) north of Philadelphia. Establishments in the borough early in the twentieth century included. Slender Man is a mythical creature often depicted as being tall and thin, wearing a black suit with a white shirt and necktie, and having a blank face. Texarkana, Texas and Arkansas newspaper. Includes news, sports, opinion, and local information. The Dating Goddess offers sage insights, advice and lessons for delicious dating over 40. Top Sites in United Kingdom The sites in the top sites lists are ordered by their 1 month Alexa traffic rank.
Bi Empire is proud to present Bi Schoolmates these naughty schoolmates are ready for the best of both worlds. There’s nothing like a school crush, times two! These students are living out the most scandalous school dreams! It’s about to get down and dirty with these wild bi schoolmates! This is a release you cannot miss!
Vote for my friends....pretty please. - My wonderful friends are trying to win the contest to go see the MUSE. They are now in position #28. I hoping by posting this that my lovely customers an...
Boba Fett, as interpreted by Freehand Profit - Freehand Profit is at it again! Following up on his incredibly popular and awesome "Adidas X Star Wars Stormtrooper Helmet" and "Adidas II Darth Vader Helm...
Project management itself is an appealing term. Does the pretty much all encompassing term 'project management' are the more specific actions of 'project planning' which will, would by definition involve allocating solutions to duties, probably linking out them to breakthrough and often creating calendars, daily activities and the most likely Gant Graphs. Now there absolutely are a few online systems that might attempt and match resources to duties and are based on them graphically, nonetheless the all-encompassing term 'project management' seriously relates to the more general notion of 'managing' projects alternatively than merely defining what should become done by whom. You might say, a web based project control tool should never simply tell you who should be doing what but somewhat help you create sure that they greatly it, and they do it punctually! Having considered this on side, many firms now take full advantage of over the internet task operations systems, typically having been earned above by the idea in rule and identifying the rewards. In the end, being able to create articles project details on-line and make it readily accessible (shared should you will) to contacts, affiliates and also clientele makes for a person smooth communication channel, with everybody being automatically maintained abreast of task improvement, adjustments and posts. This kind of is surely a good thing!
There definitely will be obvious savings produced, with every the details available internet you will see fewer printing images, much less newspaper, not as much printer ink and less many. In period you may well be capable to free up some space and toss a few filing cabinets away, it could be even move to a smaller workplace, but if this is where you think the biggest savings have to be made would certainly be wrong. Such 'hard' savings pale in insignificance in comparison against the substantial rewards of handling your projects within a wide open and distributed online environment. The true cost savings and results of using such devices can become found in the reduction (or ideally removal) of faults and consequently overlooked project milestones. The expense of having to backtrack, correct and help to make good is without question distressing to any existing task program. Impacting on as it does both the very own timescales and people of the additional contributors/participants in the task. Considering the knock-on effects by themselves of unforeseen changes to task timescales must be enough to be sure everything that can be performed to avoid this disruption is completed. Therefore, a approach to sharing and submission pretty much all facets of project documentation turns into a clear program to take. Besides from anything more there is going to be an instantaneous involvement of occasions, by publicly submitting documentation and content companies are properly emptying themselves right from exceptional blame if any kind of feature is without question erroneous. In classical terms it has the a CYA policy (cover your ass) for some of those who are not familiar with awakening American terminology.
There exists a reverse side to this approach of lessons; modern day devices include detailed audit trails, clearly proclaiming who all have what and when. Wrong or wrong information will come back to haunt you. Although despite this, normally recognise that openness and clarity is a good long-term insurance plan. Interesting tales have come forth from firms who include accepted many of these solutions pertaining to their own internal projects as very well as exterior ones. Classic wisdom would definitely argue that individual users would be hesitant to talk about their very own own personal content with colleagues, nonetheless opt to be storage of their unique 'intellectual property'. In fact , companies have got reported that particularly the reverse is true. If the user is rolling out a beneficial schedule, computation or report, the congrats received coming from showing that content with a rest of the group far outweighs any egocentric advantage received by keeping all their content private. End user 'buy in' turns into fast and in many cases widespread.
A similar scenario emerges once via the internet administration tools are distributed with connections outside your own enterprise. Clients by way of example feel relied on, involved and appreciated. There is absolutely no better way to build long-term associations not to mention in the event that the job is completed punctually and within budget, there might be another explanation meant for the client to be joyful. Project managing almost by simply definition entails communication and sharing creative ideas and aims with a workforce. The old-fashioned way was group meetings, or so minutes and correspondence. Factors in that case shifted on to add telephone and e-mail and today they contain managed to move on again. Current task management effortlessly holds the modern equipment available and these today include workspaces, task prospect lists and job calendars, all of the shared on-line. For more information browse here kuangyee.com.my .
Project management by itself is a fascinating term. Does the most surrounding term 'project management' range from the more specific activities of 'project planning' which in turn, would simply by definition require allocating information to responsibilities, probably connecting them to breakthrough and invariably creating calendars, agendas and many likely Gant Charts. Now there certainly are a lot of online devices that definitely will attempt and match methods to jobs and are based on all of them graphically, but the all-encompassing term 'project management' actually relates to the greater general notion of 'managing' tasks rather than simply defining what should come to be done by whom. You could say, an internet project supervision tool won't simply tell you who ought to be doing what but somewhat help you create sure that they certainly it, and that they do that in time! Having taken this aboard, various organisations today capitalize on over the internet project control devices, typically previously being acquired above by simply the idea in process and recognising the rewards. After all, becoming able to post project details on the web and help to make it readily obtainable (shared if you will) to contacts, team members and even consumers will make for an individual smooth interaction channel, with everybody staying automatically retained abreast of job improvement, improvements and changes. This is definitely a very good thing!
There definitely will be obvious savings built, with almost all the facts available web based there will be much less printing, much less paper, much less tattoo and less postage. In period you could be capable to remove the clutter and chuck a few filing cabinets apart, probably possibly proceed to a smaller office, but in the event that this is when you think the biggest savings are to be made you'd be wrong. Many of these 'hard' personal savings pale in to insignificance when compared against the true rewards of taking care of your projects in a wide open and shared online environment. The actual savings and results of applying such devices can be found in the reduction (or ideally removal) of mistakes and consequently skipped project breakthrough. The cost of having to backtrack, correct and generate great is certainly upsetting to any existing project plan. Impacting seeing that it does both your very own timescales and others of the other contributors/participants in the job. Considering the knock-on effects alone of unexpected improvements to project timescales need to be enough to ensure everything that can be carried out to avoid this disruption is done. Therefore, a approach to writing and putting up each and every one facets of project paperwork turns into an obvious training course to take. Away from anything else there is definitely an instant involvement coming from all social gatherings, by honestly posting paperwork and articles companies are efficiently clearing themselves via one of a kind blame in the event that any element is definitely inappropriate. In old style terms it's actually a CYA policy (cover your ass) for some of those who are unfamiliar with rising American lingo.
There is also a flip part to this strategy of program; modern day systems feature extensive exam road, evidently saying who have does what and when. Incorrect or erroneous information can come back to haunt you. But inspite of this, additional recognise that openness and clarity is a good long-term insurance policy. Interesting testimonies have surfaced from firms who have got taken up such solutions for their own personal internal projects as well as exterior ones. Regular wisdom will argue that individual users can be reluctant to share the own personal content with mates, nonetheless will want to become storage of their unique 'intellectual property'. Actually services have reported that simply the contrary is true. If a user is rolling out a valuable chart, computation or perhaps file, the thanks attained by sharing that at ease with a rest of the group far exceeds any selfish advantage received by keeping their content non-public. Individual 'buy in' turns into quick and in the majority of cases common.
A related story comes out once via the internet management tools happen to be shared with connections outside your own group. Clients to illustrate feel trusted, involved and appreciated. There is not any better method to build long term associations and in cases where the task is completed promptly and within budget, there exists another reason with respect to the client to be joyful. Project management almost by definition calls for communication and sharing tips and objectives with a team. The out-dated method was meetings, moments and letters. Issues after that moved on to feature telephone and e-mail and already they have shifted once again. Contemporary job management naturally holds the modern equipment available and these nowadays include workspaces, task lists and task calendars, every shared on-line. For more information go through here jogralhos.pt .
Project management by itself is an interesting term. Will the every surrounding term 'project management' are the more specific activities of 'project planning' which usually, would by definition involve allocating resources to jobs, probably linking them to milestones and almost always creating calendars, activities and a lot most likely Gant Chart. Generally there certainly are a lot of online systems that will certainly energy to meet means to tasks and depict all of them graphically, yet the all-encompassing term 'project management' seriously relates to a lot more standard notion of 'managing' assignments rather than basically defining what should get done simply by whom. You might say, an internet project management tool shouldn't simply let you know who should be doing what but alternatively help you make sure that they are doing it, and they do this punctually! Having considered this kind of aboard, a large number of organisations now take advantage of on the web project managing devices, typically he was gained more than by simply the thought in concept and ascertaining the benefits. In the end, getting able to share project information web based and help to make it readily available (shared should you will) to contacts, affiliates and possibly clients makes for 1 smooth communication channel, with everybody becoming automatically stored abreast of project progress, adjustments and posts. This kind of is definitely a good thing!
There should be totally obvious savings built, with all the data available internet it will have fewer impress, much less paper, significantly less tattoo and less many. In period you may be able to remove the clutter and throw a few filing cabinets apart, might be actually proceed to a smaller business office, but in the event that this is when you think the greatest savings should be made would certainly be wrong. Such 'hard' cost savings pale in insignificance when compared against the genuine benefits of managing your jobs within an available and distributed on the web environment. The real savings and effects of using such devices can end up being found in the reduction (or ideally removal) of mistakes and consequently missed project milestones. The price of having to backtrack, rectify and generate great is definitely distressing to any existing project system. Impacting on for the reason that it does indeed both your very own timescales and others of the various other contributors/participants in the task. Considering the knock-on results alone of sudden improvements to task timescales needs to be enough to make certain everything that can be performed to avoid this kind of disruption is performed. Therefore, an open approach to showing and posting almost all facets of task documentation becomes an obvious lessons to consider. Away from everthing else there is without question an immediate participation of most celebrations, by simply openly posting paperwork and articles businesses are successfully emptying themselves right from exceptional blame in the event virtually any factor is undoubtedly incorrect. In classical conditions it could a CYA policy (cover your ass) for these who happen to be not really acquainted with appearing American lingo.
We have a flip side to this approach of program; contemporary systems come with extensive audit tracks, evidently stating exactly who have what and when. Mistaken or inaccurate information can come back to stay with you. Yet inspite of this, normally recognise that openness and clarity is the foremost long-term coverage. Interesting posts have came forth from corporations who have got embraced such alternatives to get their own internal assignments as very well as exterior ones. Ordinary wisdom could argue that individual users can be unwilling to talk about their own personal content with fellow workers, but would rather become defending of their own personal 'intellectual property'. In fact , services have got reported that exactly the reverse of is true. If the user is rolling out a valuable sheet, computation or report, the gracias gained by showing that at ease with a rest of the group far outweighs any self-centered advantage gained by keeping the content material exclusive. Consumer 'buy in' becomes quick and in the majority of cases general.
A related story comes forth once internet administration tools happen to be shared with contacts outside the own group. Clients including feel respected, involved and appreciated. You cannot find any better method to build long-term human relationships and naturally any time the job is completed promptly and within budget, there's another purpose designed for the client to be happy. Project control almost simply by definition involves communication and sharing recommendations and objectives with a group. The old fashioned method was events, minutes and letters. Tasks after that shifted on to feature telephone and e-mail and from now on they contain managed to move on once again. Modern project operations obviously sees the modern tools available and these nowadays include workspaces, task times and task calendars, almost all shared internet. For more information reading here tumuratas-group.de .
Project management by itself is an appealing term. Will the almost all covering term 'project management' are the considerably more specific activities of 'project planning' which, would simply by definition require allocating methods to duties, probably leading them to milestones and almost always creating calendars, itineraries and quite a few very likely Gant Charts. Right now there undoubtedly are some online systems that can try to meet resources to jobs and depict them graphically, but the all-encompassing term 'project management' really relates to the more basic idea of 'managing' tasks somewhat than simply defining what should be done by whom. You might say, a web based project management tool won't simply tell you who should be doing what but alternatively help you make sure that they certainly it, and that they do it on time! Having taken this on side, many organisations right now take benefit from over the internet task supervision systems, commonly he was earned above simply by the idea in rationale and identifying the rewards. Of course, getting able to release task data internet and make it easily accessible (shared in the event you will) to contacts, associates and also consumers makes for 1 smooth connection channel, with everybody being automatically held abreast of task progress, alterations and posts. This kind of is certainly a great thing!
There will be evident savings made, with most the facts available internet you will see fewer printing photos, fewer newspaper, significantly less tattoo and less nearly all. In period you may be capable to remove the clutter and throw a few storage away, it could be also move to a smaller workplace, but if perhaps this is where you think the largest savings have to be made would certainly be wrong. Such 'hard' personal savings pale in insignificance in comparison against the proper benefits of taking care of your assignments within a wide open and distributed on-line environment. The true savings and results of employing such devices can get found in the reduction (or with any luck , removal) of blunders and consequently missed project milestones. The price of having to backtrack, correct and generate great is normally overwhelming to the existing job program. Impacting on as it will both your very own timescales and people of the other contributors/participants in the job. Considering the knock-on results by itself of unanticipated adjustments to task timescales need to be enough to be sure everything that can be achieved to avoid this disruption is performed. Therefore, an open approach to showing and creation every aspects of project proof turns into an obvious course to take. Apart from everthing else there is certainly an instant involvement of most group, by simply publicly creating read me files and content businesses are efficiently clearing themselves by exclusive blame in the event any kind of factor is normally wrong. In old-fashioned terms it's a CYA policy (cover your ass) for those who are not really acquainted with emerging American terms.
We have a reverse side to this approach of program; modern day devices include extensive exam trails, plainly revealing whom does what and when. False or incorrect information will come back to haunt you. Nevertheless despite this, most companies recognise that openness and clarity is the foremost long-term policy. Interesting reports have blossomed from firms who possess embraced many of these solutions with regards to their individual internal projects as very well as exterior ones. Conventional wisdom might argue that individual users would be hesitant to share all their own personal content with co-workers, nonetheless would prefer get defending of their individual 'intellectual property'. Actually firms have got reported that particularly the reverse of is true. When a user is promoting a useful sheet, computation or report, the congrats attained via sharing that content with a rest of the group far outweighs any egocentric advantage attained by keeping their very own content non-public. Customer 'buy in' becomes speedy in addition to the majority of cases universal.
A identical storyline comes out when via the internet control tools are shared with associates outside your own enterprise. Clients by way of example feel relied on, involved and appreciated. You cannot find any better approach to build long-term human relationships and of course if perhaps the task is completed in time and within budget, may possibly be another explanation with respect to the client to be happy. Project supervision almost by definition requires communication and sharing recommendations and targets with a crew. The out-dated way was group meetings, minutes and correspondence. Stuff consequently moved on to incorporate telephone and e-mail and after this they include managed to move on once again. Current project control naturally holds the modern tools available and these right now include workspaces, task records and job calendars, all shared over the internet. For more information examine here rinolfrecruitment.com .
Project management on its own is an interesting term. Does the most surrounding term 'project management' are the considerably more specific actions of 'project planning' which, would by definition involve allocating solutions to responsibilities, probably linking them to breakthrough and regularly building calendars, lifestyles and quite a few likely Gant Chart. There undoubtedly are a few online devices that definitely will try out match means to tasks and work for them graphically, yet the all-encompassing term 'project management' actually relates to the more basic concept of 'managing' projects rather than easily defining what should become done simply by whom. You may say, an internet project supervision tool won't simply let you know who needs to be doing what but somewhat help you make sure that they certainly it, and they do this on time! Having taken this kind of on board, various organisations right now make use of on the net job managing devices, commonly he was received over by simply the thought in standard and recognising the rewards. Of course, becoming able to share task information over the internet and produce it readily obtainable (shared when you will) to contacts, associates and also clientele causes for an individual smooth communication channel, with everybody staying automatically stored abreast of job improvement, alterations and improvements. This is certainly a great thing!
There should be apparent savings produced, with most the facts available on-line you will have much less printing, fewer paper, less ink and less postage. In time you might be capable to remove the clutter and put a few filing cabinets away, might be also move to a smaller office, but if perhaps this is when you think the main savings should be made would certainly be wrong. Many of these 'hard' personal savings pale in to insignificance compared against the actual benefits of controlling your jobs within an open up and shared internet environment. The real savings and results of using such devices can be found in the lowering (or hopefully removal) of errors and consequently missed project breakthrough. The expense of having to backtrack, correct and help to make great is normally distressing to any existing project strategy. Affecting since it does indeed both your own timescales and those of the other contributors/participants in the project. Considering the knock-on effects only of unforeseen adjustments to project timescales ought to be enough to ensure everything that can be carried out to avoid this kind of disruption is completed. Therefore, a approach to showing and logging each and every one aspects of project documents becomes an obvious course to have. Away from each other from everything else there is without question an immediate involvement of get-togethers, by simply openly producing forms and content material companies are effectively emptying themselves via exceptional pin the consequence on whenever virtually any feature is completely wrong. In old style conditions it can a CYA policy (cover your ass) for many who happen to be unfamiliar with awakening American words.
There exists a reverse part to this procedure of training course; modern devices come with complete taxation paths, plainly expressing who does what and when. Incorrect or inaccurate information can come back to bother you. Nevertheless in spite of this, most companies recognise that openness and clarity is a good long-term coverage. Interesting stories have came about from firms who own appreciated many of these solutions meant for their own internal projects as very well as external ones. Conventional wisdom could argue that individual users can be unwilling to share their own personal content with friends, nevertheless opt to come to be protective of their individual 'intellectual property'. In fact , services possess reported that particularly the reverse of is true. When a user is rolling out a beneficial chart, computation or file, the congrats received from posting that quite happy with a rest of the group far outweighs any self-centered advantage obtained by keeping their particular content private. End user 'buy in' turns into super fast in addition to most cases widespread.
A similar report comes out when ever on-line managing tools will be distributed with connections outside the own organization. Clients for example feel respected, involved and appreciated. There is no better approach to build long-term romantic relationships and naturally if the job is completed in time and within budget, there is certainly another motive just for the client to be happy. Project supervision almost by simply definition entails communication and sharing thoughts and aims with a group. The old-fashioned method was events, minutes and messages. Stuff after that migrated on to incorporate telephone and e-mail and after this they own shifted again. Modern day project management obviously holds the modern tools available and these now include workspaces, task checklists and job calendars, almost all shared on the net. For even more information go through here puertoricomerchantaccount.com .
Broadway Cottage in Broadway sleeps 4 people. Broadway Cottage is a holiday cottage set deep in the heart of Broadway - one of the Cotswolds' premium village locations. With a history dating back to the 17th century the building has seen more than its fair share of change. The ground floor has an open yet cosy feeling, with a large living space leading to the kitchen/diner, while upstairs there are two good sized bedrooms with shiny-new en suite bathrooms. From your front door, stroll down the street to the shops of Broadway, but fear not you won't be ambushed by throngs of tourists as your cottage is hidden away.
Kitchen / Diner well equipped, with electric hob, oven and grill, microwave, fridge with freezer compartment plus other 'usual' kitchen kit; dining table with four chairs. There is a stable door leading to a private, enclosed courtyard.
Bedroom Two with two single beds and an absolutely beautiful view towards the High Street, plus en suite shower room with shower, WC and washbasin
To the rear of the cottage is a courtyard with table and chairs. To the front is a small parking area for one car.
Broadway Cottage is in Worcestershire; should you be on the lookout for a special offer, you can find all the special offers in Worcestershire. It's always worth checking to see what is on offer at the moment.
Broadway Cottage is available from Manor Cottages. Specialist cottage holiday providers in the Cotswolds area, all the "Manor Cottages" holiday cottages are handpicked to give you a special cottage holiday. If you want to try a different cottage than "Broadway Cottage", have a look at the cottages below - which are all within 25 miles of Broadway Cottage.
Home| Cottages which sleep 5 people| Cottages which sleep 8 people| Cottages which sleep 16 people| France Cottages| Cottages with Hot Tubs| Cottages alphabetically : A-B, C-D, E-F, G-H, I-J, K-L, M-N, O-P, Q-R, S-T, U-V, W-X or Y-Z| Cottages by County| Site Map|
Cottages in Europe Cottages alphabetically : A-B, C-D, E-F, G-H, I-J, K-L, M-N, O-P, Q-R, S-T, U-V, W-X or Y-Z| Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, Turkey.
This comfortable and well-maintained first floor apartment, with pretty, elevated views across to Morecambe Bay, is situated in a quiet residential area in the popular Edwardian spa town of Grange-over-Sands. This Grange-over-Sands apartment is perfect for a couple wishing to spend time together in an area known for its gentle climate and close proximity to the Lake District. All on the first floor, this apartment in Grange-over-Sands has one double bedroom and a light and airy sitting room with a Juliet balcony looking out across to the Kent Viaduct and Arnside Knott on the Lancashire coast. Outside this Grange-over-Sands apartment there is a delightful garden and decking area, so no matter what time of day it is, you can dine outside, perhaps enjoying some of the local produce sold by the many excellent specialist food shops in the town. The colourful town of Grange-over-Sands has a lovely promenade area with fine gardens and a traditional bandstand. Cartmel, home of the sticky toffee pudding, is a short drive away and has a beautiful medieval priory, excellent restaurants and a stream running through the centre, complete with ducks. Cartmel is a perfect English village, ideal for a lovely day out, exploring the area. The popular and bustling town of Bowness-on-Windermere is a short drive from your holiday apartment and is the gateway into the beautiful Lake District. This Grange-over-Sands apartment is an excellent base for your holiday at any time of the year.
All first floor. One double bedroom. Bathroom with bath, shower over, basin and WC. Fitted kitchen with breakfast bar. Sitting room.
Baytree Apartment is in Cumbria; should you be on the lookout for a special offer, you can find all the special offers in Cumbria. It's always worth checking to see what is on offer at the moment.
Do you want to holiday near Baytree Apartment (18913), you can see other cottages within 25 miles of Baytree Apartment; have a look to find your perfect holiday location.
These self-adhesive stick-on labels are a terrific way to identify your personal belongings. And with CottonTrends labels your kids will never lose their belongings again!
Perfect for lunch boxes, day care, school supplies, field trips, sports and camp equipment, baby bottles, medication dispensers, toiletries and much more. Protect your belongings with these personalized name stickers.
North central Illinois has few twisty roads, but this rout is about as good as it gets for this area. At the moment the very first leg has to be detoured for construction, but the rest is good roads.
Sounds lovely! My experience with the the little munchkins always left me covered in spit-up. Especially right after I'd put on a clean shirt. The worst was when they'd aim it perfectly so it went down your shirt when you were in public......oh happy day!
LOL! That reminds me of working at the daycare when I was in high school and college. I always smelled like spit up and milk when I left at the end of the day!
LOL! Ahhhhhh! I have no idea how that would feel yet but I can only imagine...but it's only natural that it would happen sometimes, I mean you are a Momma who is nursing!
So you might be my junior and all youthful and stuff....but at least I don't smell like breast milk! :)
I think it is safe to say that while the South is hardly Christ-centered, it is most certainly Christ-haunted. – Flannery O’Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose
Over the years, Jesus and I have lost track of each other. He is like an old friend. I know where to find him, and he knows where to find me. I have his number, so to speak, but I wouldn’t know what to say if I called and he answered. This is not a matter of anger or the feeling that a promise has been broken. There were no tragic circumstances to tear me away from the Church. There was no “Why! Why! Why! moment. There was just a quiet and gentle stepping away because none of it felt real to me. It’s simply a matter of fact that I have always been an agnostic. Even as a child in Sunday school I was full of doubt.
The answer is simply because he is inextricably bound with the history of who I am. It is an almost immutable fact of my African-American culture. When you are a slave and you are escaping through the woods and you hear the hellish baying of the hounds on your trail, what name do you whisper in desperation? When there are crosses burning in your front yard and your name is being called forth, what name do you shout? When your church has been bombed with four little girls inside, what is your cry? When your child is born healthy and strong after sixteen hours of labor, and you are cutting the cord, what do you whisper? In the extreme moments of the sacred and of the profane even though you may not believe in his holy name you say: Jesus. Jesus! Jesus?
For many, if not most, African-Americans’ race and religion are inextricably bound. According to both the Gallup Poll organization and the Pew Research Center, African-Americans are the most religious Americans. Gallup says 97% of African-Americans cite religion as being very important in their lives, and the Pew Foundation gives a lower percentage of 87%. Regardless of the disparity, the numbers reveal that there are few atheist, agnostics, and “none”s within this demographic. This begs the question again, “Why?” Perhaps because once upon a time when my ancestors were slaves all they really had to sustain themselves were each other and Jesus, with his promise “that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life” (John 3:15 KJV). That was the promise of a life beyond that was glorious and untouched by slavery. Burdens could be laid down at the cross of Jesus. But the fact of the matter is that the coming to Jesus was not a matter of choice. It was a matter of force. It was a matter of the slave owners controlling the cultural narrative and thereby controlling the slave mind. Teach the slave Ephesians 6:5-9, which essentially says absolute obedience to the master is the will of God:
5 Slaves, obey your earthly masters with respect and fear, and with sincerity of heart, just as you would obey Christ. 6 Obey them not only to win their favor when their eye is on you, but as slaves of Christ, doing the will of God from your heart. 7 Serve wholeheartedly, as if you were serving the Lord, not people, 8 because you know that the Lord will reward each one for whatever good they do, whether they are slave or free.
Furthermore, force-feed the slave the notion that their skin color is a curse from God because of the curses of Cain and of Ham. Under Ham’s curse there is the curse of inherited servitude. Not only are you cursed with slavery, but so are your children and your children’s children.
On March 21,1865, in Savannah, Georgia, Alexander Stephens, vice president of the Confederate States of America, laid out for those in attendance the founding principles of the Confederacy. Furthermore, he asserted that the civilization known as the Confederacy had as its core principles the inferiority, the subjugation, and the enslavement of Africans. Stephens argues that the South’s cause is more than merely noble; it is righteous and ordained by God in his cursing of Cain in the Old Testament. There could be no greater cause. To be contrary to that cause is to be contrary to the will of the Creator.
Many governments have been founded upon the principle of the subordination and serfdom of certain classes of the same race; such were and are in violation of the laws of nature. Our system commits no such violation of nature’s laws. With us, all of the white race, however high or low, rich or poor, are equal in the eye of the law. Not so with the negro. Subordination is his place. He, by nature, or by the curse against Canaan, is fitted for that condition, which he occupies in our system. The architect, in the construction of buildings, lays the foundation with the proper material—the granite; then comes the brick or the marble. The substratum of our society is made of the material fitted by nature for it, and by experience we know that it is best, not only for the superior, but for the inferior race, that it should be so. It is, indeed, in conformity with the ordinance of the Creator. It is not for us to inquire into the wisdom of his ordinances, or to question them. For his own purposes, he has made one race to differ from another, as he has made “one star to differ from another star in glory.” The great objects of humanity are best attained when there is conformity to his laws and decrees, in the formation of governments as well as in all things else. Our Confederacy is founded upon principles in strict conformity with these laws.
Those were not just the values of the South. Those were, and in some quarters still are, American values. In Between the World and Me Ta-Nehisi Coates reminds us that America “was not achieved through wine tastings and ice cream socials, but rather through the pillaging of life, liberty, labor, and land; through the flaying of backs; the chaining of limbs; the strangling of dissidents; the destruction of families; the rape of mothers; the sale of children; and various other acts meant, first and foremost, to deny you and me the right to secure and govern our own bodies.”
Coates reminds the reader that for Africans in America, the period of slavery was longer than the period of freedom. Black bodies have always mattered within the context of “America.” Black bodies counted as three-fifths of a person for the sake of congressional representation. Black bodies mattered for the purpose of chattel taxation. Furthermore, black bodies mattered because the free labor made products such as rice and tobacco and sugar less expensive. Even more importantly free black labor made cotton cheaper for the American and British textile mills, which provided the economic boost America needed to grow and the financing for the Industrial Revolution. Consider the quote from theologian Howard Thurman: “When the slaves were taken from their homeland, the primary social unit was destroyed, and all immediate tribal and family units were ruthlessly broken. This meant the severing of the link that gave the individual African a sense of persona. There is no more hapless victim than one who is cut off from family, from language, from one’s roots.”
The African experience in America was never just about black bodies being controlled, but about the control of the black minds. With that being said, it is ironic that the slave found a meaningful identity that transcended slavery within the context of a religion—and when the text was interpreted by those who forced the religion upon them. And when the context of slavery ended with the Civil War, the Emancipation Proclamation, and the 13th Amendment, with the corrupt dissolution of Reconstruction came the rise of Jim Crow, segregation, the Ku Klux Klan, and more than a century of de facto and de jure racism. Of course solace would be found in the arms of the Christ.
In his seminal work, The Souls of Black Folks, W.E.B. Du Bois speaks of the “warring souls” in which African-Americans are presented with the conundrum and the struggle to be at once black and American in a society in which White Anglo Saxon Protestant seems synonymous with being American. Du Bois’ book speaks to the formation of identity. According to the Trans-Atlantic Slave Trade Database, of the approximately 12.5 million Africans captured and shipped across the Atlantic to the already discovered New World, 10.7 million survived the arduous voyage. Of those 10.7 million survivors, 388,000 were bought and sold in North America. My ancestors were among the 388,000. People who had once been Igbo, Fulani, Hausa, Congo, and hundreds of other ethnicities had their names, their religions, and their cultural identities stripped away. Not until the 13th amendment was there even an option to have the identity of American Citizen. Nonetheless, in spite of being stripped of their culture, language, and identities slaves sought to create new identities under inhumane circumstances. But again it is ironic that as the identity of slave was being formed so was the identity of Christian. Ultimately, again as witnessed in the Civil Rights movement, this religion that came with the institution of slavery would be transformed into the theology of liberation, which does not wait until death for freedom and justice, but demands it while still alive.
All of this begs the question: this is the past, so, why does this matter? In The Tempest by William Shakespeare, Antonio tells Sebastian, “What is past is prologue?” In other words, if you wish to know how we got to this moment, review the past. For years I used these historical truths to make it easier to walk away from the Church. As I’ve gotten older and as I’ve approached becoming wiser, I’ve come to realize that my not believing in the Word doesn’t necessarily mean that I can’t appreciate the beauty of the Word. The culture is simply a part of who I am. To separate entirely from my particular culture of African-American Methodist Southern culture is to separate myself from my history.
Ferdinand Hunter lives in Chandler, Arizona, with his wife and daughter. He is currently on the English faculty at GateWay Community College in Phoenix, with a Master of Fine Arts degree in Creative Writing (Fiction) from Brown University, a Master of Liberal Studies degree from Arizona State University and a BA in African-American and African Studies from Emory University. The first, and in many ways the most formative, 22 years of his life were spent in Georgia.
Deep South is an online magazine covering Southern culture and literature. We strive to celebrate the literature of the South by interviewing authors, reviewing their books, creating reading lists and visiting landmarks. We also present a roundup of literary news every Friday and publish original fiction, poetry and nonfiction in our Southern Voice section.
Registration for 2019 Season 1 NSJTA and NSNTA competitions are now open - click here for more details
The 2018 Club Celebration Party & Presentation Night will be held on December 1st - click here for more details
Created Saturday, October 27, 2018 19:35 by Administrator Last updated Saturday, October 27, 2018 19:51 Forms, News
Deer Park Tennis Club would like to invite you, family, and friends to our End of Year celebration party and presentation evening to be held at the club on Saturday, 1st December 2018 @ 6.30pm. We would like to ask you to RSVP by Saturday, 24 November to confirm your attendance so that we can organize the catering
Please fill out the RSVP form (click here to download) and return it to a committee member or send to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Payment can be made in person or electronic transfer to: BSB 063253, Account 1095 6580 (Please state your family and “Party” in the reference field).
Cameras 2019 - Nestbox Camera, Nestbox cameras - nestcams, Equipment: a nestcam is a tiny camera used to view what is happening at a nest site or roosting box.it is mounted inside the nestbox. there are cams designed specifically for nestboxes. other folks have jerry-rigged a webcam for use, but it must be protected from the elements at the nabs 2006 conference, my husband and i attended a nestbox camera (aka nestcam) workshop.. How to choose a nest box camera - hoopoe - a blog by nhbs, The wireless nest box camera kit or the battery powered wireless nest box camera kit are good options if you want to fit a wireless camera into your own bird box. if you decide to go for one of these options then you will need to attach the camera to the ceiling or inside wall of your box yourself using small screws.. Nest box camera | ebay, Find great deals on ebay for nest box camera. shop with confidence..
on may 1st, 2014, cascades raptor center put a secret camera in our foster parents' nest box to watch them take care of eight owlets. nani and soren can be s. this stunning video by phd student emily joachim, courtesy of bbc wildlife magazine, documents the life of a family of little owls who successfully raised fo.
Nestbox solar wireless camera nest box user manual, View and download nestbox solar wireless camera nest box user manual online. solar wireless camera nest box (b7). solar wireless camera nest box scouting camera pdf manual download.. Buy nest box cameras online for watching wildlife | free, Nest box cameras for sale at best prices. includes night vision & microphone. full colour nest box camera for viewing birds & other animals in ireland. Nest cam indoor | this is what a home security camera, The nest cam indoor security camera is designed to help you look after your home and family – even when you’re away. with 24/7 live streaming, a versatile magnetic stand, person alerts with nest aware and one app for all your nest products, nest cam indoor helps you keep an eye on what matters .. High resolution wired and wireless bird box cameras, Each camera bird box has been carefully designed to provide the perfect nesting environment, increasing the chance for attracting birds into your box and in front of the camera. we offer you a choice of two cameras specifically made for gardenature bird boxes, these are high or ultra high resolution ccd colour..
By clicking the button, you will be raising Night-Sport69 to the first position on the main page for 60 seconds. During this time the model's chat room will become much more visible and incredibly popular! A notification about your action will appear in the chat, visible to the model and the other chat users. Night-Sport69 will be sure to appreciate this gesture and be immeasurably grateful to you!
© All Rights Reserved. 2018 www.camfree.xxx Please visit EPOCH and SEGPAY, our authorized sales agents. This site is Managed & Operated by
This is a placeholder page for Giselle Casillas, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Giselle Casillas.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Giselle Casillas. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Giselle Casillas. We created this page automatically in hopes Giselle Casillas would find it. If you are not Giselle Casillas, but are an alumni of Chaparral High School Las Vegas, NV, register on this site for free now.
Magnolia Behavioral Hospital of East Texas is thrilled to announce our new Recreational Music Program. We are launching our program March 9, 2018. One of our very own, Kelby Youngblood , has volunteered to head our new program. Our vision for this program is for patients to utilize recreational music as a positive coping skill. […]
Reason for Contact I have a general comment/question I would like to make patient referral(s) I would like to begin the admissions process I would like to schedule a consultation
Please note: For medical emergencies, please call 911. For other urgent matters, please call our admissions line (866) 977-3456. Submissions after-hours, weekends, or holidays may experience a longer response time.
For members of the public who have questions or concerns regarding patient quality or safety, please contact the hospital’s administration at
or write to 22 Bermuda Lane, Longview, TX 75605 or email to click here. Alternately, members of the public may contact the Joint Commission directly at
Copyright © • Magnolia Behavioral Hospital of East Texas • All Rights Reserved • Proud member of the Oglethorpe, Inc. family of hospitals • Privacy Policy
The catastrophic failures tied to MIVEC when upgrading the cams and valves springs has been a known issue for many years. Shortly after the issue arose we had come up with a solution. Higher engine acceleration rates cause the PID of the camshaft control to be unable to operate within its limits. Adding larger turbo’s that spool up above 4500 RPM negate advantages of having MIVEC control. Deleting the MIVEC altogether gave us consistent camshaft control. Locking the cam gears in place results in smoother power delivery as the ECU is not constantly trying to readjust for camshaft error. Consistent high rpm tuning and camshaft adjustability result in being able to dial in your power band more effectively.
When upgrading to larger camshafts and stiffer valve springs, the original exhaust MIVEC cam gear is prone to failure. We highly recommend replacing one or both.
Brian Kernighan, of Kernighan and Richie fame, or K&R (if you did’t know, Richie created the C language and Kernighan helped him right the book on it). At any rate, Brian has this famous quote which I can’t seem to find the root source but I found it quoted many times:
“Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it.”
And that perfectly explains my frustration in the last couple of weeks trying to understand two very clever code bases. Not only is debugging twice as hard, but being a new guy trying to understand the code is at least twice as hard. Hmm, maybe here’s a new quote for people:
“Learning code is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, the only one who’ll be able to understand it.”
Unless the person learning the code is twice as smart as you. Or something… At any rate, I’m not twice as smart as most people so I get to struggle trying to figure this stuff out.
BTW, as I was searching around for the source of the Brian’s quote, I ran across this interesting interview with him that gives a glimpse of the human side of Unix and C as they were created at Bell Labs many years ago now.
This is my personal web site discussing things I work on in the open, mainly Eclipse CDT but growing into other C/C++ tools as well. I'll also write occasionally things that will be interesting to QNX developers. All opinions are my own and not those of my employer.
Revision 1.23 / (download) - annotate - [select for diffs], Mon May 26 13:06:38 2008 UTC (10 years, 5 months ago) by ad
Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the #1 killer of women both in Canada and the US. Average lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease in women is approximately 40%, and increases as the number of risk factors increases. Coronary artery disease is the main form of heart disease that affects both women and men. One in 5 women has been told by their physician that they have heart problems. More women than men die from heart failure and stroke.
The risk factors that lead to the development of heart disease are increasing and we can expect to see more heart disease develop in women over time. Most of these risk factors are the same as for the general population and include obesity, inactivity, poor dietary habits, metabolic syndrome and elevated cholesterol, diabetes, hypertension and smoking. However, additional factors are more prevalent among women than men, are often unrecognized, and have been associated with significantly increased risk of subsequent CVD. These include hypertension in pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and autoimmune diseases. Aggressive management of risk factors can delay the development of heart disease, stroke and congestive heart failure.
Prior to menopause women are relatively protected from the development of heart disease. Hormonal protection delays heart disease by about ten years on average, although the presence of diabetes overrides this protection. Thus, women tend to be older and have more comorbidities than men when they develop heart disease. When women do develop heart disease, particularly at a young age, it tends to be more severe and have a worse prognosis. Women often have delays in diagnosis of heart disease and tend to have more diffuse or widespread disease. Their coronary arteries are smaller and women tend to do poorer with procedures such as angioplasty or bypass surgery.
Heart disease in women can be difficult to diagnose because the usual presenting symptoms are less often present or symptoms are atypical. A recent study of women presenting with heart attack showed that the most frequent preceding symptoms were unusual fatigue (70.7%), sleep disturbance (47.8%), and shortness of breath (42.1%). Only 29.7% reported chest discomfort, a hallmark symptom in men. The most frequent acute symptoms were shortness of breath (57.9%), weakness (54.8%), and fatigue (42.9%). Acute chest pain was absent in 43%.
Using common tests to diagnose heart disease in women pose further challenges. Treadmill stress testing, the usual test to diagnose coronary artery disease, can often be falsely abnormal in women. More accurate tests such as stress nuclear heart scanning or stress echocardiograms are necessary to exclude or diagnose heart disease in women. These tests tend to be less readily available and more costly and sometimes are inappropriately avoided, thus delaying the diagnosis of what are often atypical or unusual presentations of coronary artery disease.
Once coronary artery disease is diagnosed there continue to be problems with inadequate therapy to control symptoms as well as risk. These problems apply to all patients with heart disease and cardiac risk factors.
Learner, Crafter, Blogger, Part time lecturer, Mother of one amazing boy, Wife of a crazy journalist, and also Believer You can reach me at fenty.design@gmail.com
Precious Religious Artifacts Salvaged by Scientology Volunteer Minister Team Amid Recovery Effort in Nepal
Doctors, Nurses and Paramedics Answer the Call for Those in Greatest Need During Nepal Disaster Emergency
Mountain Village in Nepal Spared Significant Damage from Latest Major Quake, Scientology Volunteer Minister Reports
Scientology Volunteer Ministers provided physical and spiritual help to the rescue workers at Ground Zero who worked around the clock after the terror attack.
Most Americans, if asked, would be able to tell you exactly what they were doing when they heard about the World Trade Center terrorist attack in 2001. It had that much impact on the lives of people throughout the United States and, in fact, on people all over the world.
“As any New Yorker would tell you, to see the twin towers erupt and then disintegrate was a living nightmare,” says LPN, EMT and Scientology Volunteer Minister Ayal Lindeman, one of the more than 800 Scientologists who served at Ground Zero.
The work of the Scientology Volunteer Ministers who served at GroundZero in the months following 9/11 served as a model and inspiration for a movement that now spans the globe.
Spring Valley, New York, Mayor Noramie Jasmin (center) awards Ralph Mary Gedeon (right) a plaque commemorating Ralph Mary Gedeon Day—July 12, 2011. At left is LPN, EMP and Scientology Volunteer Minister Ayal Lindeman who saved Gedeon’s life.
An amazing young man, whose life was saved by a Scientology Volunteer Minister after the Haiti earthquake, is determined to make a difference for his country.
Spring Valley, New York, Mayor Noramie Jasmin has designated July 12, 2011, as Ralph Mary Gedeon Day in recognition of the courage and resolve of a young survivor of the January 2010 Haiti earthquake.
SPRING VALLEY — While thousands of people were fleeing the triple disaster — earthquake, tsunami and nuclear crisis — in Japan, Ayal Lindeman was headed into some of the hardest-hit parts of the country.The 54-year-old Spring Valley resident and frequent first responder to disasters in Haiti and the Gulf Coast returned home Friday after a 10-day deployment.
(PASADENA, CA) At a badge pinning ceremony held at Fire Station 34 on Del Mar Blvd in Pasadena this week parishioners and Volunteer Ministers of the Church of Scientology of Pasadena commemorated the tenth anniversary of 9/11 by donating a limited print edition of the moving watercolor titled “Unspoken Courage” by acclaimed watercolor artist POMM to the station.
It's time for a cup of Spring Bead Soup! - It's reveal day!! I am so happy to be participating in another Bead Soup Blog Hop. Thank you so much to our very talented, kind and generous host Lori An...
Tutorial: 'Remembering Mimi' Floral Locket Pendant Brooch - *Tutorial: 'Remembering Mimi' Floral Locket Pendant Brooch* My maternal grandmother died at age 51 when I was in the third grade; I still miss her 40+ y...
Jewelry After Dark: Who Wants a Free After Dark Jewelry Portrait Necklace? - After Dark Jewelry is back in the United States! After a quiet summer of remodeling our 1850's abode, my studio has been knocked into shape and jewelry is...
Non jewelry related Halloween post - I've been in Halloween decorating mode for a few days. I'm not done either, I have a whole second book case to decorate! This is the project I just finishe...
We specialise in offering case discounts and supplying in bulk. If you need a 25kg sack of rice, or 10kg of organic nuts, or just 100g of sunflower seeds, we are the company for you! With these larger quantities, you can expect to make substantial savings. Now is a great time to save some money and eat a healthy diet.
Dormitorio moderno, fresco y suave, multitud de combinaciones de colores lacados, frentes cajones de forma biselada. Medidas: cabecero 175x65 mesita: 53x50x41; cómoda: 100x110x41; espejo 70x100.
Agent Bertram is a British intelligence analyst that works for The Ministry. He does his finest work when working under secondment to the Dutch Secret Service in Amsterdam.
It was early morning and someone was knocking on Agent Bertram’s front door. ‘This can’t be good. It has to be bloomin’ Buckingham Palace. If I’m wanted at the Palace, it’s always on a bloody Saturday, in my own time,’ thought Agent Bertram dragging his dressing gown over his crumpled nightshirt and stumping downstairs to the front door. ‘The one day that I get to have a nice lie in and then traipse around the shops with my Beloved… and that’s the day they choose to knock on the front door at eight in the morning just when normal decent folk are settling down to a few more zeds! However, as traipsing around the shops looking for wedding paraphernalia is not quite my idea of heaven, this could be a blessing in disguise…‘
Outside, standing on the front step of Bertram’s Gower Street home in London’s Bloomsbury area, was a middle-aged man dressed in a chauffeur’s outfit. He, being from Buckingham Palace, looked immaculate. Bertram scowled at him and glanced over his shoulder towards a Bentley Mulsanne car that positively oozed the colour black. This black was so deep and the paintwork so scratch-free that if it were not for the colourful Royal Crest on the passenger door, subtly announcing the vehicle’s provenance, it would have been difficult to determine if the car was really there at all.
“I can see why you are Her Majesty’s Special Agent… and I am merely the chauffeur,” drawled the man in the thickest of soupy tones.
Posted on November 30, 2015 August 23, 2016 Categories Blog Post, SatireTags Agent Bertram, Army Generals, Bomb the bastards, Buckingham Palace, Immigration, Satire, Secret Agent, Secret Service, The Queen5 Comments on Agent Bertram called to Buckingham Palace!
Labeled: bbr3 lewis dot structure, bbr3 lewis structure, bbr3 lewis structure chegg, bbr3 lewis structure formal charge, bbr3 lewis structure polar or nonpolar, bbr3 lewis structure shape, br3 lewis structure, lewis dot structure bbr3, lewis structure bbr3, lewis structure for bbr3, lewis structure of bbr3
Labeled: what is effective nuclear charge, what is effective nuclear charge and shielding effect, what is effective nuclear charge and why is it important, what is effective nuclear charge class 11, what is effective nuclear charge definition, what is effective nuclear charge dependent on, what is effective nuclear charge in chemistry, what is effective nuclear charge in hindi, what is effective nuclear charge meritnation, what is effective nuclear charge of boron, what is effective nuclear charge of chlorine, what is effective nuclear charge of oxygen, what is effective nuclear charge of sodium, what is effective nuclear charge quizlet, what is effective nuclear charge trend, what is effective nuclear charge used for, what is effective nuclear charge yahoo, what is effective nuclear charge yahoo answers, what is the effective nuclear charge for magnesium, what is the effective nuclear charge of lithium, what is the effective nuclear charge of nitrogen, what is the effective nuclear charge of sulfur
Labeled: beneath your beautiful chords piano, beneath your beautiful uke chords, chords beneath your beautiful, god your beautiful chords, you're beautiful phil chords, your beautiful chords, your beautiful chords and lyrics, your beautiful chords and tabs, your beautiful chords capo 3, your beautiful chords capo 8, your beautiful chords christian song, your beautiful chords easy, your beautiful chords g, your beautiful chords guitar, your beautiful chords james blunt, your beautiful chords lyrics using gdemc, your beautiful chords no capo, your beautiful chords phil wickham, your beautiful chords phil wickham lyrics, your beautiful chords phil wickham pdf, your beautiful chords piano, your beautiful chords shane and shane, your beautiful chords ukulele, your beautiful chords ultimate guitar, your beautiful chords with capo, your beautiful chords without capo, your beautiful chords worship
Optical thin film solutions/coating services for a variety of industrial and research sectors! Recipient of Canada Export Achievement Award in 2010. The company is a leading global supplier. Highest levels of performance-durability at competitive prices!
A premier publisher of scientific and technical books, journals, and electronic databases. In addition to the traditional disciplines in chemistry, we also offer titles in proteomics, computational chemistry, sustainability, catalysis and drug discovery.
Biobased products are defined as non–edible, industrial goods that are made in whole or in part from biological and agricultural products such as vegetables, soybeans, fish, and plants. read more
Formulator Software develops Laboratory software for the Formulation Chemist, Food Technologist and Regulatory Agent. Includes ...
MPI Research is a contract research organization offering diverse analytical services to the agricultural, chemical, ...
EndNote® enables you to move seamlessly through your research process with flexible tools for searching, ...
LAB-TEMP™ laboratory furnaces and ovens are used in laboratories all over the world. Thermcraft is ...
Covering 2,000 acres, Ballantyne is located at the southern tip of Charlotte and has grown tremendously since it’s start in the early 1990′s. Ballantyne offers a great variety of shopping, dining, and hotel accommodations.
Ballantyne is also home to the Ballantyne Country Club, five-star Ballantyne Golf Resort and Spa, multiple corporate office parks, and many new subdivisions with homes ranging from luxury townhomes to multi-million dollar mansions on the golf course.
Stunning Updated Full Brick, Basement Home in Ballantyne. Sought After Open layout includes 2 Story Foyer & Great Room, Home Office, Formal Dining and Living Room. Open Concept Kitchen features all NEW Shaker Cabinetry with Granite Counter Tops, Stainless Steel Appliances, NEW Cook Top, Dishwasher and Microwave. Additional updates include Refinished Hardwoods, NEW Interior Paint, Carpet and Pad. The spacious Master on Main with Luxury Shower. This home has 2,457 unfinished sq ft Daylight Walkout basement with Windows on 3 sides with extremely high ceilings. Bring your imagination, READY FOR YOUR FINISHES! Ideal for Entertaining space, additional bedrooms or expanded home office. This is a great Multi-Generational property. Three spacious Bedrooms on the Second, Two additional Full Baths, Loft and Bonus Room. A Rare Opportunity to own this much house at this price! NEW Architectural Roof in 2017. Hawk Ridge ES, Community House MS & Ardrey Kell High. Ideal yard size for POOL. Show today!
The Top Gear team get their hands on the legacy of a racing legend, the beautiful fast race car made by Maserati 3500 GT. From the BBC.
The Top Gear team put the Mazda RX8 through its paces in this exciting auto and speed racing game from BBC Worldwide.
Jeremy test drives the Mercedes Brabus SL Bi-Turbo Roadster and goes to some lengths to explain that it is like a volcano under the bonnet. But how fast will it make it round the Top Gear track with Stig at the wheel? Find out in this fast racing clip from BBC Worldwide.
You saw it on the telly, now see what the atmosphere was like in the studio with our behind the scenes footage shot during the live show recording exclusively for TopGear.com. See more behind the scenes video like this right now at www.topgear.com.
The Top Gear team get their hands on the Bowler Wild Cat off-road sensation. This super car is expensive, but is a bargain new automobile in terms of speed and agility. From the BBC.
A chance to see the Top Gear boys famous car-boat challenge! Will any of their amphibious converted cars survive the Top Gear challenges? Find out in this BBC automobile video clip.
Richard Hammond drives the new Lexus LFA sports-car.Just for your information; if you would like to have one of these cars, forget it! They are only going to make 250 world wide, and only 5 are going to the Netherlands!AND the price is around ?300.000...All rights to the guys from BBC who made this clip.
Jeremy enlightens us with a safety video and explains in detail why you should never try to let a train crash into your car, BBC Worldwide.
Minimum number of characters not met. A value is required. Last Name* Minimum number of characters not met.A value is required.
I am one who is sarcastic honest blunt n upfront I am one who can be sweet caring compassionate n funny I am seeking a counterpart and PIC if you willif you dont know what that means thentry n figure it out Im pretty open minded curious n friendly so discreet relationships if youre not uncomfortably insecure or outrageously untrusting maybe we can chat Mind sending a pictureand tell me a bit bout yourself while youre at it
Hi Todays weather has been great Im seeking a movie buddy for any of the new action movies out or the comedy Get Hard Maybe we can meet prior to the movie big breasted women for a beverage or go to one of the fancy new theaters with a bar located inside Its unusual to meet someone for the first time and basically not talk for 2 hours but it can be done with the right two No oddballs or odd responses please Theres a casuals section for you and a discussion board for you opinions
I have an extra ticket to hear Vijay Iyer at Cornish Sat 59 evening and want to go with someone discreet relationships who loves jazz maybe especially keyboards It would be a nice shared interest to get acquainted around
Imagine being an email milf away to having this awesome exciting new lady love in your life Looking for a great friendship meaningful relationship amazing body and mind connection humorous energetic soul Be active intelligent driven in your professional and personal life Talk to me I want to know all about you Looking for 48 and older
Hey Im an attractive successful divorced female who is looking for the same in a man I dont think Im overly picky just like nonsmokersno drugs clean cut professional type guy who wants to meet a great girl I have lots to give to the right man Id like to date and get to know you before rushing into sex That clouds the true feelings Ive been divorced a while so I know Im ready to move on I wont date you if you arent single or divorced No separated men date a cougar Been the rebound girl before Now the fun things I like to do are movies eating out travel see a band go anywhere near water camping fishing also Im open to new things too Like romance Honestly is a must Please send me something about yourself and a picture of your face only please I will email a pic but cant post here
Hello I just moved back to Phoenix and Im looking for someone who will take care of me and treat me like a princess Im a lightskin girl with thick hips and a very big booty If youre interested and bored housewife want to know more please reply with a picture If you dont send a picture you wont get one
I am a 32SWF the is looking for a man not a boy I would prefer him to be in my age range of between 2842 that is a SWM too I have never been married and no kids yet even though in the future I would to have to have the dream someday with the car thekifds the husband the more or less the typically dream I am maily attracted to the guys with more of the football player joke type of guy that I would prefer him too be over 5 8 BC when I go out I go out I always wear heals I wouldnt rule anyone decent guy out I would like him to have a big breasted women house car and a job I dont think that isnt too much to ask I am not a smoker I prefer him not to be one either I am 56 dark drown hair and really pretty down eyesnow I do have some nice curve s on me I cant help it I am Italian I was brought up old school I do cook clean bake doing laundry and most importantly I know how too take care of my man in the way s of a relationship and in life If you might be interested please send me a email with a picture would be great I hope to hear back from you guys soon I hope u have a great night and hope to hear from you soon
I am a fun spontaneous caring girl seeking her hopeless romantic I know its probably sexy mature women a long shot on here but Im pretty bored at home tonight A little about myself if creative sarcastic pretty nerdy a little rocker chic bright hair and piercings and a fan of whiskey beverages You should be also sarcastic also nerdy and enjoy a girl who knows what she wants So if you want to chat and Learn more about me send me a message with a little bit about yourself Bonus points if you send me a message with something more then just hey Your photo gets mine and please no dick pics
Scientists have traced the roots of dementia back to midlife, a time when hearing loss and changes in speech patterns may signal the onset of cognitive decline.
During the annual meeting of the Alzheimer’s Association’s annual international conference in London in July 2017, researchers presented findings on hearing loss and dementia. This included, “The role of hearing in predicting dementia also emerged as an early marker for cognitive decline — but one more amenable to modern fixes.” Read more in the Los Angeles Times’ article
The Campaign for Better Hearing encourages everyone 60 and over to see a hearing care professional each year. As scientists continue to research the ties between hearing loss and cognitive decline, it’s important for you to stay informed. Even if you don’t show signs of dementia, it is important for your brain – as well as your overall wellness – to do what you can to prevent hearing loss.
*The purpose of this hearing assessment and/or demonstration is for hearing wellness to determine if the patient(s) may benefit from using hearing aids. Products demonstrated may differ from products sold. Test conclusion may not be a medical diagnosis. The use of any hearing aid may not fully restore normal hearing and does not prevent future hearing loss. Testing is to evaluate your hearing wellness, which may include selling and fitting hearing aids. Hearing instruments may not meet the needs of all hearing-impaired individuals.
Welcome To Campanas Authentic Italian Market. We would like to Introduce ourselves and share our family’s history and products with all of you. This line of products comes directly from the old country, brought here by my grandparents, Thomas & Maria Nicole Campana. They come from a very small town called Barrea in a northern mountain region of Italy. They came to America for a better life and to live the American Dream. Their story, and the family they created is something that you would see in a movie. They had 5 children, started a Market, then an Italian Cafe and Bar named Campanas Cafe. These recipes are from my grandmother and that small Italian Cafe that people have frequented and enjoyed for over 6 decades. These products are premier and very high end, real traditional Italian recipes.
These items have been tested throughout the years and are in constant demand to this day! This project is one of love. It is to acknowledge and preserve the cherished memories of our culture & family. I am sharing this with all of you to inspire you to do the same with your family. We hope you can see the value in supporting us.
We know that we are blessed and we want to continue the karma by donating 5% of our ongoing sales to help young children and struggling families!
I am so proud to be Italian! I am so proud of my family and our rich history. In all families, there are “ups and downs,” but in my family, I was blessed. We were not perfect . . . but we were a force of hard work, love and many wonderful memories! Even the days that were not so good, are great when I reflect back on them!
HERE IS OUR STORY: ~ Our products were created around the “Campana Family Recipe Book.” It all started at Campanas Cafe, a small Italian cafe seating only a dozen people and a bar with seating of only 8 – 10. They made their footprint in their new home, an Italian neighborhood that opened in 1926. It had a cozy hometown presence at 1850 Washington Avenue in Lorain, Ohio. Thomas Campana proudly laid the foundation for his wife Maria Nicole and the future of their five children. They served what they knew, Italian food! There was Wedding Soup, Garlic Soup, Pasta, Pizza, Calzones, Sausage & Peppers and the best Italian cheeseburger in town when they magically added fresh salami and provolone cheese to their burgers!
Thomas & Maria Nicole had 5 children, 4 boys and 1 girl. Patsie, (My Father) the oldest was born in Barrea, Italy and came at the young age of 2 years old. The others, Larry, Baldo Albert and Rosemary were born in Lorain. ~ They were a prominent group with many friends in the community. Thomas Campana was a large man at 6’5” tall. He worked in the Steel Mill and tended bar in the cafe. Maria Nicole worked hard also, as she cooked for the cafe and supported her husband and family in every way. She was considered a consultant by the new coming families and very involved with the Catholic Church of St. Peter on West 17th Street, only a couple blocks away. The recipes they used came down from decades of family dinners of multiple generations. Barrea, Italy is a northern mountain region, a province called Aquila. Before journeying to America,
Thomas Campana was a Carabinieri which is a Police Officer in Italy. He received two Carnegie Medals of Honor for his bravery. Once for saving people in a village near his hometown from an earthquake. He was moved to Rome to head security for a college and he received his second Carnegie Medal of Honor in his efforts of saving college students from a fire. His next position given to him was by King Umberto, becoming a bodyguard and nanny for his son, Prince Umberto for six years of his life in Rome at the Palace. The political climate in Italy was changing rapidly and he heard that there were good opportunities in America, in a town called Lorain, Ohio. Eventually looking for a safer environment for his family and aspiring to live the “American Dream,”
Thomas went ahead and started planning their life and approximately one year later, Maria Nicole travelled with their first born child to join her husband in 1922. They worked hard to establish their lives and in a few years, started a small market called Campanas Market where my father sold candy by weight and they sold grocery goods to families in the neighborhood.
Campanas Cafe before the liquor license and the apartments on top. My Pa Patsie in the lower right corner!
In 1926, the family transformed the market into the famous and popular Campanas Cafe. It had a small dining room and menu and people of all the different nationality neighborhoods gathered regularly and many great lifetime friendships were made. The stately brick building sat on the corner and consisted of the Campana Family home, three apartments and the Cafe. This building had many nooks and crannies to run through and play with my cousins Maria and Andrea and my nephew Marc who was only 9 months younger than me! It was a popular compound and the coolest place to be on Saturdays. My Grandmother, Maria Nicole had a great fenced in backyard with a garden, grape arbor covered patio and garages. She took great pride in their home and worked very hard. All the Italian families would congregate around the place. Some to patronize the Cafe & Bar, some family and many friends. My grandparents tried to help out some of the families that were struggling, giving them credit, advice and friendship and mentoring them if they needed it. Great friendships were made during these years and are still strong across many generations. One special young couple that rented an apartment above the bar was Tina and Alred Zocchi. As I grew up, Mrs. Zocchi would tell me stories of my grandparents helping countless families and it made me so proud. She would say “Scotti, you come from a great family, you are blessed. One story that comes to mind to show you the commitment to family is my grandmother gardening on a very hot day and my grandfather tending bar. Every hour or so he would come out and she would stand on a wooden cotton club box since she was so short, remove my grandfather’s short sleeve white button down shirt he always wore. She would take a sponge that had been soaking in ice cold water and wipe him down to cool him off, replace his shirt with one that was drying on the clothes line and he would go back in to tend bar. She, then returned to the task at hand, helping out in any way she could. I also learned that many times my grandfather would sit under the grape arbor and play his mandolin as family and friends would gather around. There was singing and happiness, an occasional glass of homemade wine, with everyone sharing the simple things in life with those they loved. The cafe flourished through the years and generations still continue to tell their stories about this wonderful place! An epicenter for the entire community, especially the Italian community! It changed management from my father Patsie, Baldo, Albert then eventually Rosemary. Aunt Rosemary and Uncle Pete Hribar ran the business from 1970 until 1990. My brother David Campana ran the bar business for a short time in the 70’s, then he and I bought the building in 1990 from Aunt Rosemary which was something our father asked us to do. He was busy running P.C.Campana, Inc. which he started in 1969. My father always said, if it wasn’t for his sister Rosemary, he could of never been able to focus on his business. My uncles, Baldo and Albert started Campana Concrete in 1955 and they too appreciated Aunt Rosemary for taking care of grandma as she got older.
My Aunt Rosemary aka Aunt Rosie was always a very special aunt to me, supplying the perfect amount of love and toughness throughout my life. Another mentor to me was my Uncle Albert. I worked for him at
P. C. Campana, Inc. and we would go to lunch a Campanas Cafe at least 2 – 3 times per week. Aunt Rosemary would always be there and they would reminisce about “the old days!” She loved and adored me and I felt the same about her! She was the youngest of the 1st generation of the American Campanas and me being the youngest of the 2nd. generation of Campanas, it was an honor to hear the stories, each one, a thread that was woven into the tapestry of the heritage of the Thomas Campana family.
This project is a tribute and dedication to the loving memory of my grandparents, aunts & uncles and especially, my parents Patsie & Jenee’ Campana.
And to my immediate family, my wife Krissi, son Vincent, and daughters Talia, Liza and Gia. You all make me so proud and inspire me everyday!
We’re picky about who we hire, because we have to be the best. So we constantly search for people who meet the following profiles. When we have an opening, our favorite interviewees are who we contact about coming on board at Market Street.
Please print out an application, fill it in and come on down to see us. Click here for a map, where you can get directions.
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2009, have been prepared by management and approved by
the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company. These statements have not been reviewed
Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted
accounting principles for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
The interim financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with the accounting
policies described in the Company's annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2008.
For further information, refer to the Company's consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
profitable operations and expects to incur further losses in the development of its business. For the
three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2009, the Company reported net losses of $7,828,272
Section 3062, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, and establishes revised standards for the recognition,
these costs be expensed as incurred, with the concurrent withdrawal of CICA Emerging Issues Committee
Abstract 27, "EIC 27 - Revenues and Expenditures during the Pre-operating Period". The Company does
not have goodwill or intangible assets and therefore the adoption of this new standard does not have
In February 2008, Canada's Accounting Standards Board ("AcSB") confirmed the date of changeover from
enterprises must adopt IFRS for their interim and annual financial statements relating to fiscal years
While IFRS uses a conceptual framework similar to Canadian GAAP, there are significant differences in
recognition, measurement and disclosures. The Company, with the assistance of an external advisor, has
begun a high-level review of major differences between Canadian GAAP and IFRS. While the Company has
begun assessing the adoption of IFRS, the financial reporting impact of the transition to IFRS cannot
expanded definition of a business, a requirement to measure all business acquisitions at fair value, a
acquisition related costs as expenses. The section applies prospectively to business combinations for
which the acquisition date is on or after January 1, 2011, however, early adoption is permitted. The
Consolidated Financial Statements, and provide the Canadian equivalent to the corresponding provisions
establishes standards for the preparation of consolidated financial statements. Section 1602 specifies
that non-controlling interests be treated as a separate component of equity, instead of a liability or
other item outside of equity. These new standards are effective for interim and annual consolidated
adoption is permitted as of the beginning of a fiscal year. The Company is currently evaluating the
In January 2009, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire the "Los Robles" land parcel with an
area of 14.6 hectares. The property was acquired for cash payment of $58,794. The Company also issued
30,000 common share purchase warrants exercisable into common shares at a price of $2.05 per share,
In June 2009, the Company acquired the "Las Puentes" land parcel with an area of 1,034 hectares. The
property was acquired for approximately $2,194,000, including cash payments made in June and July 2009
obligations have been recorded as amounts payable on mineral property acquisition on the consolidated
balance sheet and have been discounted to reflect the non-interest bearing feature of this obligation.
The Company also issued 300,000 share purchase warrants exercisable into common shares at a price of
parcel comprised of approximately 189 hectares. The Company has made a cash deposit of approximately
$89,000 and has agreed to make further payments of approximately $217,000 and to issue 60,000 share
purchase warrants having an exercise price of $2.30 expiring four years following the closing of the
transaction. This transaction had not closed as at September 30, 2009, but is expected to close in the
In June 2009, the Company issued 123,500 share purchase warrants relating to the El Bosque, El Carbon
issuance of these share purchase warrants received regulatory approval during April and May 2009. The
value of the share purchase warrants was estimated to be $263,390 using the Black-Scholes valuation
properties during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2009 and 2008 are as follows:
During the period ended March 31, 2009, the Company completed a private placement of 6,579,161 units
share and three-quarters of a transferable common share purchase warrant. A total of 6,579,161 common
purchase one common share at a price of $2.47 per share during the five-year period ending March 20,
common shares is above $3.70 for 30 or more consecutive trading days, the Company can give notice to
accelerate the expiry date of up to 2,467,185 warrants to 60 days following the date of such notice.
feasibility study with respect to the Company's Angostura gold-silver project, the closing price of
the Company's common shares is above $3.70 for 30 or more consecutive trading days, the Company can
following the date of such notice. This private placement was considered valued at market, with the
full amount of the value assigned to the common shares and no value assigned to the warrant component.
On September 29, 2009, the Company closed a public offering of 18,071,429 units at a price of $3.50
per unit for gross proceeds of $63,250,002. Each unit consisted of one common share and one-half of a
transferable common share purchase warrant. A total of 18,071,429 common shares and 9,939,285 warrants
were issued on closing, including 903,571 warrants issued as compensation to the agents assisting with
the offering. These warrants are registered to trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol
common share at a price of $4.30 per share during the one-year period ending September 29, 2010. If at
any time, the closing price of the Company's common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange is greater
purchase warrants was estimated to be $11,864,415 using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The 903,571
agents' warrants entitle the holder to purchase one unit at a price of $3.50 per unit during the one-
year period ending September 29, 2010, with each unit comprised of one common share and one-half of a
transaction. The valuation of the warrants issued as part of this public offering was estimated using
A discussion of warrants issued during the reporting period in connection with land transactions is
included under note 4 "mineral properties", and a discussion of warrants issued in connection with the
Of the 205,000 options exercised, 165,000 were exercised using the cashless exercise option, resulting
There were 1,475,000 new stock option awards issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2009.
recorded a stock-based compensation expense of $1,917,256 in the nine month period ended September 30,
2009. The Company will record additional stock-based expense of $2,722,951 in future reporting periods
Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments issued by Canadian financial institutions that
Related party transactions not otherwise disclosed in these financial statements for the nine month
(a) Office facilities and administrative services for $49,500, consulting fees for $25,400, and fees
(b) Rent and administrative services for $41,032 and consulting fees for $152,407 to a company owned
officers in common; $37,847 to a company owned by the president; and $14,167 to a company owned by an
The Company's financial instruments are exposed to certain financial risks, including currency risk,
The Company is exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates. The
Company operates in Canada and Colombia and a large portion of its expenses are incurred in Columbian
Canadian dollar relative to the Columbian peso or the United States dollar could have an effect on the
The following represents the Canadian equivalent of Colombian peso financial instruments translated as
The net exposures in financial instruments as at September 30, 2009 is not material and therefore a
10% depreciation or appreciation of the Canadian dollar against the Columbian peso or United States
dollar would not result in a material change in to the Company's loss reported for the period ended
Credit risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if a third party to a financial instrument fails to meet
its contractual obligations. The Company manages its credit risk through its counterparty ratings and
Canadian banks. These instruments mature at various dates over the current operating period and are
normally for periods three months or less. Amounts receivable primarily consist of goods and services
expenditures for the upcoming twelve months will not exceed current resources. The Company completed a
public offering in September 2009, the proceeds of which are anticipated to meet expenditures for the
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will
Although the Company is not in production, the nature of the project potentially exposes the Company
to price risk with respect to commodity prices. The Company monitors commodity prices to determine the
strategy with respect to capital risk management remains unchanged from the year ended December 31,
properties. The Company's primary activity is the exploration and development of the Angostura Gold-
Toronto Stock Exchange ("TSX") and on the AIM Market of the London Stock Exchange (the "AIM Market"),
On September 29, 2009, the Company closed a public offering of 18,071,429 units at $3.50 per unit for
gross proceeds of $63,250,000. Each unit consisted of one common share and one-half of a transferable
common share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at
During the quarter the Company has taken steps to strengthen its management team. The following new
appointments have been made: Mr. Timothy Lallas, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Finance
Of further note, subsequent to the end of the quarter, the Company announced the pending retirement of
development of Greystar. The Company has engaged an international executive search firm to assist with
the filling of this vacancy.  Mr. Rovig will continue as President and Chief Executive Officer until a
During the third quarter of 2009, the Board of Directors approved a project to explore the listing of
Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). The Company would also retain its listing on the Alternative Investment
Market (AIM). The Company does not anticipate making an offering in conjunction with this listing and
The Company believes this new listing would expand its institutional and retail shareholder base in
funds and individual investors in Colombia would see an investment in Greystar as an opportunity to
The Angostura Definitive (Bankable) Feasibility Study (DFS) is underway. The DFS includes three well-
financial parameters defined in the Preliminary Feasibility Study (PFS) stage, but also to reduce risk
During the third quarter of 2009, approximately $4.2 million was spent on the various components of
the Definitive Feasibility Study, including assay and metallurgical analysis. It is now anticipated
recoveries. Metallurgical and recovery models and operational cost analyses were defined for Whittle
varied production scenarios, including alternative ore throughputs, metallurgical processes and ore
primary crusher. Geotechnical and hydrogeological studies advanced during the quarter, including the
evaluation of the pit design and the Mongora waste dump site and the evaluation of potential locations
for the process plant and the primary crusher. In addition, condemnation studies were conducted for
mine infrastructure areas. In addition, procurement specialists from GRD Minproc worked closely with
- Heap Leach - bulk samples test is in progress in primary, secondary and tertiary crushing size and
- Mill/Flotation - follow-up testing has concluded, but assay results are still pending; mixed samples
purposes continued. Environmental reclamation activities completed during the quarter included five
metallurgical testing aimed at investigating the application of agitation leach and/or pre-oxidation
testing from both processing methods have shown promising results and further testing is warranted. In
the PFS published in May 2009, the intermediate sulphide ore (representing approximately 17% of the
recovered gold in the mine plan) was designed to be heap leached which resulted in low recoveries of
conditions have returned recoveries that question the economic viability of only using heap leaching
on this ore type. It is important to point out that column testing to simulate heap leach conditions
on oxide and transitional ores continue to show very positive results. In addition, flotation testing
for treatment of the higher grade sulphide ore to produce a gold bearing concentrate also continues to
The PFS was based upon US$700 per ounce of gold during the first three years of operation and US$650
per ounce of gold for the remaining twelve years. These gold prices limited the options for processing
the intermediate sulphide ore at Angostura. In the current gold environment, both agitated leach and
pre-oxidation offer the potential to increase recoveries and improve the economics of this ore type
and the project as a whole. If either process is adopted, design modifications such as the inclusion
support a more robust processing method which may lead to higher economic returns for this ore type.
The agitation leach and pre-oxidation testing programs will take approximately six months to complete,
continue with the design of the heap leach facilities for treating oxide and transitional ore, as well
as the design of the grinding and flotation circuit for the higher-grade sulphide ore. Furthermore,
delineation of oxide gold mineralization at the Mongora area could be very important for the Angostura
project. The potential to identify a new oxide resource that could be added to the 2.26 million ounce
oxide resource (measured and indicated) already defined at the Angostura deposit could have favourable
implications for the overall economics of the entire Angostura Project. Drilling is expected to resume
Total exploration expenditures in Colombia were $6,348,885 for the three months ended September 30,
feasibility and pre- feasibility studies, including assay and metallurgy costs, were $4,215,426 for
the three months ended September 30, 2009 compared to $1,191,706 for the comparative period in 2008.
This increase is due to a shift in the Company's primary activities, from drilling and exploration in
Total exploration expenditures in Colombia were $13,779,109 for the nine months ended September 30,
feasibility and pre- feasibility studies, including assay and metallurgy costs, were $7,829,305 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2009 compared to $1,844,721 for the comparative period in 2008.
Other exploration expenditures were $5,949,804 for the nine months ended September 30, 2009, down from
$13,057,017 in the comparative period of 2008. The variances in these costs can be attributed to the
September 30, 2009, compared to the same periods in 2008 due to capital additions throughout 2008 and
- Other administrative expenditures were up $438,795 for the three months ended and up $709,003 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2009 compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due
-- Professional fees were up $217,427 for the three months ended and up $387,813 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2009, compared to the same periods in 2008. These increases are primarily due to:
management's tax planning initiatives involving the engagement of Canadian and Colombian tax advisors;
the hiring of advisors relating to the Company's review of internal controls and the remediation of
internal control deficiencies; and the engagement of advisors to explore a listing on the Colombian
months ended September 30, 2009, compared to the same periods last year, due primarily to the hiring
of a full-time CFO in November 2008 and to hiring additional corporate finance department staff during
-- Management and consulting fees were up $78,834 for the three months ended and up $185,168 for the
$48,031 for the nine months ended September 30, 2009, compared to the same period last year, due to
reduced sustaining and filing fees payable to the Toronto Stock Exchange and the Ontario Securities
Commission. Adverse market conditions in the fourth quarter of 2008 caused the market capitalization
of the Company to decrease which resulted in a reduction in the listing and filing fees to September
- Stock-based compensation increased by $157,663 for the three months ended and increased by $696,981
Interest income in the current year periods is down considerably from the comparative periods in 2008,
interest rates prevailing in 2009 and to reduced cash levels during the first two quarters of 2009.
$156,068 for the nine months ended September 30, 2009, compared to a gain of $1,648 and a loss of $989
denominated assets. The Canadian dollar strengthened by approximately 8% during the third quarter of
1. The Company is a mineral exploration and development company and has no operating revenue. Interest
is from funds on deposit. The amount of interest is determined by the amount of funds on deposit and
interest rates paid. Interest rates were higher in 2007 than in 2008 and 2009 but the main cause for
receipt of $37.1 million (net) from an equity financing completed in July 2007. Interest rates on term
2. Stock-based compensation costs are a non-cash expense and represent an estimate of the fair value
3. Exploration and other project-related activities in Colombia shut down each year for a Christmas
expenditures for the December 31 quarter and the March 31 quarter tend to be lower than the preceding
Christmas break was partially offset by increased costs for the PFS which commenced in August 2008.
For the quarters ended March 31, 2009 and June 30, 2009, the reduction of costs can be attributed to
4. There Has Been a General Trend for Increased Administrative General Costs Over the Eight Quarters.
At September 30, 2009, cash and cash equivalents were $83,922,990, up from $27,262,146 at December 31,
2008. Working capital at September 30, 2009 was $80,315,777. The increase in cash and cash equivalents
purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at a price of
$2.47 per share at any time during a five-year period ending March 20, 2014. Upon certain conditions
being met, the Company can give notice to accelerate the expiry date of 2,467,185 warrants (or less)
- $63,250,002 in gross proceeds from a public offering of 18,071,429 units completed on September 29,
warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at a price of $4.30 per
share during the one-year period ending September 29, 2010. These warrants are registered and trade on
the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol GSL.WT. If at any time, the closing price of the Company's
common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange is greater than $5.00 for 20 or more consecutive trading
days, the Company can give notice to accelerate the expiry date of the warrants to 20 days following
the date of such notice. In addition, the Company issued 903,571 agents' warrants as compensation to
agents assisting with the offering that entitle the holder to purchase one unit at a price of $3.50
per unit during the one-year period ending September 29, 2010, with each unit comprised of one common
share and one-half of a transferable common share purchase warrant and having the same terms as the
The Company's cash resources are invested in short term (ninety days or less) financial instruments
For the nine months ended September 30, 2009, exploration-related expenditures, including scoping and
There were no new land transactions in the third quarter of 2009. The Company made scheduled payments
of approximately $323,000 in July 2009 in connection with a land transaction that closed in the second
April 2010 for approximately $640,000 and another in April 2011 for approximately $560,000. As these
amounts are non-interest bearing, they have been recorded at their discounted value in the accounts of
approximately $89,000 on another property transaction that is expected to close in the fourth quarter
Due to the low interest rates currently being paid by financial institutions, interest income is not
results on an ongoing basis and will make appropriate changes as required and in response to results
As of November 10, 2009, there were 20,569,856 options and warrants outstanding, of which 16,991,639
probable that some of these warrants and options will be exercised, it is not possible to predict the
Management of the Company believes that with the proceeds from the March 20, 2009 private placement
and the September 29, 2009 public offering, there are sufficient funds to pay for anticipated project
and administrative costs to the end of 2010. However, additional financing will be required to fund
equipment acquisitions and early-phase construction anticipated for late 2010. Management intends to
continue exploring alternative financing alternatives; however, the current economic uncertainty and
financial market volatility make it difficult to predict success. Risk factors potentially influencing
recommendations of the feasibility studies, the political risk of operating in a foreign country, and
the buoyancy of the credit and equity markets. For a more detailed list of risk factors, refer to the
provided in relation to this role. Amounts paid include reimbursement for certain personal insurance
The Company pays Ionic Management Corp. ("Ionic"), a company related by virtue of a director and two
services in Vancouver, BC. In addition, Ionic bills the Company for consulting services provided by a
staff geologist. These services are provided on a month-to-month basis and may be cancelled by either
In the third quarter of 2009, the Company paid Namron Advisors, a company owned by a former director
concluded when this former director assumed the role of Vice President, Corporate Development with the
direct costs incurred on behalf of the Company. Such costs include travel, postage, courier charges,
Related party expenditures recorded for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2009 and
It is the Company's accounting policy that exploration and development expenditures incurred prior to
the determination of the feasibility of mining operations are charged to operations as incurred. The
acquisition costs of its properties. The realization of the Company's investment in these exploration
reserves of minerals, the ability to obtain necessary financings to develop the project's potential,
upon future profitable operations, or alternatively upon the disposal of interests on an advantageous
basis. The Company reviews the carrying values of its projects on a quarterly basis and if required,
Abstract 27, "EIC 27 -- Revenues and Expenditures during the Pre-operating Period". The Company does
authorized is unlimited. The Company has issued warrants for the purchase of common shares and also
The Company competes with other mining companies, some of which have greater financial resources and
technical facilities, for the acquisition of mineral concessions, claims and other interests, as well
The Company is in compliance in all material respects with regulations applicable to its exploration
Company, the extent of which cannot be predicted. Before production can commence on any properties,
including currency fluctuations and possible political or economic instability which may result in the
relating to the mining industry. The acquisition of mining title in Colombia is a very detailed and
The Company has incurred losses since its inception and will not achieve profitability until such time
For additional information on risk factors, please refer to the Risk Factor section of the Company's
As of December 15, 2008, National Instrument 52-109, Certification of Disclosure in Issuers' Annual
controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be
designed to ensure such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief
Executive Officer ("CEO") and the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), to allow timely decisions regarding
Management is responsible for the establishment, maintenance and testing of adequate internal controls
financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the
Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
The Company's management considers the remediation of the material weaknesses described below to be a
priority. As of the date of this report, management believes that its efforts, when completed, will
procedures or internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors or all instances of
fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable (not
absolute) assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. Further, the design, maintenance
limitations include the reality that judgment in decision-making can be faulty, and that simple errors
or mistakes can occur. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by
collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design, maintenance
and testing of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
remediating the material weaknesses previously identified at December 31, 2008. While the Company has
been successful in its efforts, some significant deficiencies remain that management is working on to
With specific reference to internal control over financial reporting, during the three months ended
During the quarter ended September 30, 2009, the Company hired a permanent CFO to replace the interim
CFO appointed upon the former CFO's resignation in June 2009. Additional financial capacity was added
at the corporate level during the third quarter of 2009 with the addition of a corporate controller
and an operations controller. Considerable effort was made during the third quarter on the design and
Since December 31, 2008, several remedial efforts have taken place, including the translation of the
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Whistleblower Policy into Spanish and the establishment of
As at the date of this management's discussion and analysis, management has disseminated the Code of
information on the whistleblower telephone line, will be circulated to all employees before the end of
the fiscal year. All current and future employees will be required to acknowledge their receipt and
As of the end of the third quarter 2009, the Company had made considerable progress in establishing a
functional head-office and in defining the oversight role this office is to play. Continued progress
has been made in collaborating with Colombian staff on the design and implementation of appropriate
These policies and procedures are expected to be finalized and fully implemented before the end of the
As at the end of the third quarter of 2009, the Company had made considerable progress in establishing
preparation at the Colombian branch, as well as over business process-level activities. To remediate
matters, management will issue a comprehensive document on corporate approval authorities before the
The Company uses a variety of systems, including Excel spreadsheets, in the preparation of financial
defined process allowing for a cascading level of review of information transferred between systems
financial statements of the Colombian branch for the quarters ended March 31, June 30 and September
The Colombian branch has sufficient tax expertise to reasonably complete and review tax filings given
the complexity of the Company's current operations. As the Company progresses through its development
Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this MD&A, including information as to the
future financial or operating performance of the Company, and its projects, constitute forward-looking
current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors that Greystar believes
are appropriate in the circumstances. While these estimates and assumptions are considered reasonable
by the Company, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, political
and social uncertainties and contingencies. Many factors could cause the Company's actual results to
behalf of, the Company. Such factors include, among other things, risks relating to additional funding
production risks, regulatory restrictions, including environmental regulation and liability, currency
fluctuations, potential title disputes and dependence on key employees. These factors and others that
headed "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2008
guarantees of future performance and, accordingly, investors are cautioned not to put undue reliance
on forward-looking statements due to the inherent uncertainty therein. Forward-looking statements are
made as of the date of this MD&A, or in the case of documents incorporated by reference herein, as of
Posted on 04 February 2016. Tags: champions, Chayson Eberspeaker, Dave Andrus, Jayden Marcano-Cruz, NEMWA, West Michigan Pursuit, wrestling
West Michigan Pursuit traveled to Gaylord, Greenville, NEMWA Clare and Oklahoma this past weekend. WMP entered 26 grapplers and placed 23 in the top four. We have two Champions who remain undefeated this season, Chayson Eberspeaker, 6 & under age group and Jayden Marcano-Cruz, 7/8 age group. Out of 79 battles, WMP claimed 57 victories. Individual results are as follows:
“Wrestling is an emotional sport which tends to bring out the best and worst,” said Head Coach and Owner, Dave Andrus. “Sometimes we have to remind ourselves to keep those high and low emotions in check. These actions can negatively impact the outcome of a match. I strive to impress the importance of good sportsmanship on and off the mat. I want my wrestlers to be the ones that others look up to and admire.”
It’s really a cool and helpful piece of info. I am happy that you just shared this useful information with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing. low cost auto insurance
I did not know the man, I never met him. Yet, I can't help mourn his passing. There is a special place in my heart for comedians who die. George Carlin was, by most measures, a giant in the world of comedy and his loss hurts in proportion to his stature.
I did not learn to speak English until after I was 19 years old, I wasn't even fluent until well into my twenties and some say I still butcher the language. That is where Carlin had the greatest influence on me. I always saw him as a sort of master jazz player who riffed with words and ideas, instead of a horn or keyboard. I give credit to Carlin for my current command of the English language. Without his act, learning to have fun with speech would have been much, much more difficult for me. Through him, I discovered Lenny Bruce, whom George credits with a shift from the vaudeville type work he was doing in the sixties to become the counter-culture genius we know and love today. If you can find smoe of his pre-Lenny Bruce stuff, you can see that sparkle in his eye that there was more to him than the silly antics that could easily air on the Ed Sullivan show. As he grew older, Carlin uncompromisingly began to tell the truth of the world as he saw it and make us laugh while doing so. I admit that I was a bit turned off by his more recent work, I found him to be bitter and angry -- but I am not sure that it was not me projecting that onto him.
George Carlin will live forever in the american collective consciousness. All of the words (not just the seven) in his life are now a part of us.
Blog Archive October 2014 (1) January 2014 (2) February 2013 (3) October 2012 (1) August 2012 (1) January 2012 (2) December 2011 (3) September 2011 (1) June 2011 (1) April 2011 (1) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (2) September 2010 (3) August 2010 (2) July 2010 (5) June 2010 (3) May 2010 (4) April 2010 (4) February 2010 (5) January 2010 (17) December 2009 (24) November 2009 (16) October 2009 (6) September 2009 (8) August 2009 (2) July 2009 (2) June 2009 (7) May 2009 (7) April 2009 (11) March 2009 (20) February 2009 (7) January 2009 (21) December 2008 (24) November 2008 (37) October 2008 (24) September 2008 (34) August 2008 (14) July 2008 (19) June 2008 (13) May 2008 (22) April 2008 (19) March 2008 (23) February 2008 (24) January 2008 (21) December 2007 (23) November 2007 (12) October 2007 (22) September 2007 (32) August 2007 (27) July 2007 (23) June 2007 (12) May 2007 (19) April 2007 (12) March 2007 (16) February 2007 (26) January 2007 (26) December 2006 (26) November 2006 (16) October 2006 (40) September 2006 (32) August 2006 (20) July 2006 (30) June 2006 (17) May 2006 (20) April 2006 (20) March 2006 (16) February 2006 (31) January 2006 (37) December 2005 (6) November 2005 (5) October 2005 (4) September 2005 (1) August 2005 (1) July 2005 (4) June 2005 (2) May 2005 (2) April 2005 (13) March 2005 (1) February 2005 (19) January 2005 (18) December 2004 (31) November 2004 (33) October 2004 (5)
medical clinic | Gary S. Chapman, Atlanta Humanitarian Photographer for NGO's, Non-profits and Corporations
i'm sometimes anxious, and sometimes depressed, and am lucky to have a wonderful family to share my life with.
Sunday 23 December 2007 Sunday 23 December 2007 jadebooks, breasts, cutlery, m&ms, midsummer, restaurant, silicone, take that, workLeave a comment
I feel I have lost time and forgotten things that I thought were fun or cool or interesting and wanted to tell people about. It’s sort of like if you are sick and in bed for a day or two doing nothing but sleeping, but everyone else is carrying on around you. When you get up it feels like it should just be the next morning from when you went to bed or something, but it’s not, it’s a couple of days later and those days are full of experiences and events for the people who weren’t sick in bed. I have that going on from being in the hospital with Abigail. But it’s not just from Sunday to Tuesday, it’s almost from Friday evening. Saturday morning I did some things getting ready for midsummer, then the rest of the day was spent at my mum’s house having midsummer. Saturday evening, Daniel and I went out to his work’s end of year dinner. We had a bit of a sleep in and slow morning on Sunday morning, then my mum mentioned that Abigail didn’t seem to be herself, so I went to get her.. and got back on Tuesday afternoon at 1300.
I had a nice day on Saturday. I got lots of nice things and gave lots of nice things. Gayle got me a Take That CD. I got various Nems stuff, of course, including some dark chocolate ones from Kate which I haven’t had opportunity to try yet so that was good :) I got a couple of books, some other chocolates, some smelly stuff and some silicone cupcake moulds. I already have the mini ones so now I have got the normal size ones too.
On Saturday evening we went out to Lure restaurant at The Coro for Daniel’s work end-of-year thing. Considering it is a seafood restaurant that has won lots of awards, I had quite a nice time and the meal wasn’t half bad. (I don’t do seafood.) I even managed to chat a little to some of the other people. When we left, Daniel’s boss’ wife was feeling a little .. jovial after the liquid refreshments she’d enjoyed with her dinner, and pronounced that I had the best knockers she’d ever seen. Other highlights were the funky cutlery that they had, the handles were 90 degrees rotated to the business end so it looked like they were standing up on edge; and also the funky unisex toilets which had glass doors. They’re transparent until you close the lock on the door, at which point they turn opaque/frosted. Very cool effect, but you really don’t want to think about it too much while you’re in there or else you’ll start to worry that it might suddenly malfunction and leave you on display to whoever is about.
In particular the east elevation has a glass wall, the height of the building. It forms an atrium that every room in the house opens into.
New Blog! A Grateful Artist - Pine Ridge Treasures - I am closing this blog soon. Thanks for being a follower! Please visit and join my new blog at http://gratefulartist.blogspot.com
DIY Chalk Play Table - Surprised little caterpillar with this fun little blue table the other day, she was so excited. Last Xmas, I made her a little black board, and she playe...
Oh Dear... I have a blog? - I haven't posted on my blog for sometime now and I have so many ideas to share! In the mean time here is a film by Jennifer and I. The creativity never...
Cup of Bead Soup winners are.... - The three lucky winners who will design with me are: *Marlene of Amazing Designs by Marlene* *Sonya of Dreamin' of Beads/SAS Jewelry Designs* *Shaiha o...
Painting and Jewelry - or painting OF jewelry. Show season has started. I've had two shows so far, one up from last year and one way down. Since I'm going to cut back on shows n...
Mother Necklace - Hello again :) I thought I'd share some pictures of my Mother Neklace with you. I call it Mother Necklace not only because I actually made it for my Mom, b...
- I recently had an article published about my upcycled jewellery in the wonderful online magazine Artizen Press Article Becycle
*Type in the search box and hit Enter to search. The list will be filtered by matches in the first three columns.
Currently on the site, you can join the Movement as a Member of the Movement or a Follower of the Movement.
withdraw at one’s discretion from the Movement at any time on the basis of a written or electronic application submitted to the Chairman of the Movement;
Some of us are smart enough to service our vehicles regularly to forestall problems. Others, unfortunately like me, are constantly late with scheduled maintenance. It’s a testament to good design and manufacturing that I don’t have more mechanical problems than I do.
Boddington working out on steel targets, shooting over a pack with the rifle and scope he used in Mongolia, a Blaser R8 in .300 Weatherby Magnum with Zeiss 4-16x50mm scope.
Shooting is a bit like that: Constant maintenance, meaning practice, really is essential to keeping your shooting skills honed. I’m pretty sure all competitive shooters, in all disciplines, and at all levels from beginner to distinguished would agree. Practice is essential not just to get better, but to maintain skill levels.
Author Jessica WinansPosted on October 22, 2018 October 23, 2018 Categories Hunting, Practice Tips, ShootingTags Craig Boddington, field practice, hunting in Mongolia, practice tips, rifle shooting, SAAM, SAAM training, shooting tipsLeave a comment on Getting a Tune-Up with Field Practice (Craig Boddington)
Okay, I finally did it! After punching paper and ringing steel with at least a dozen rifles chambered to the 6.5mm Creedmoor, I finally got around to taking an animal with this amazingly popular little cartridge.
Actually, my wife, Donna joined the Creedmoor Club on the same hunt a few days before I did. We shared a Mossberg Patriot in stainless and synthetic, wearing a Riton 4-16x50mm scope. I chose Federal Premium’s 120-grain Trophy Copper load because we’d be hunting blacktails on California’s Central Coast, near our Paso Robles home. We call this area the “condor zone,” long mandated as a lead-free area for hunting. As the Creedmoor’s popularity continues its upward spiral load offerings continue to multiply, but as Opening Day neared, Trophy Copper was the only homogenous-alloy load I could get my hands on.
On the bench with the Mossberg Patriot 6.5mm Creedmoor in preparation for the California deer season. Unleaded bullets are required for hunting, so the Boddingtons used Federal Premium 120-grain Trophy Copper…with good results.
Author Jessica WinansPosted on October 3, 2018 October 3, 2018 Categories Ammunition, HuntingTags 6.5mm cartridges, 6.5mm Creedmoor, ammunition, Creedmoor, deer hunting, hunting in California, lead-free bullets
I probably should follow my own advice, but I’m no different than most in that I often don’t! I’ve often written that varmint shooting offers the best practice there is. Woodchucks in the East and rockchucks in the West are good, likewise small rodents like ground squirrels and gophers… but there’s nothing better than prairie dogs.
Gordon Marsh with one of his “long range” prairie dog rifles, a heavy-barreled Savage 116 in .204 Ruger. With a heavy rifle like this in .204 shots can be called through the scope, very difficult with the more powerful .22-250.
Author Jessica WinansPosted on July 25, 2018 Categories Hunting, Practice Tips, Trip ReportsTags Craig Boddington, hunting, hunting in Wyoming, practice tips, prairie dog, prairie dog shooting, varmint hunting
Caliber .270, bullet diameter .277-inch, is primarily an American phenomenon based on the .270 Winchester, which was introduced in 1925. Its origin is murky; there was an experimental 6.8mm Mauser developed for China so rare that standard references show no photos. No evidence confirms that Winchester was even aware of this obscure cartridge.
Jack O’Connor with one of his last rams, taken with his famous Biesen-stocked “No. 2” .270. O’Connor was the undisputed champion of the .270 Winchester, but from the standpoint of years I have to agree he was right!
Nobody knows for sure why Winchester’s Roaring Twenties engineers settled on that bullet diameter. They probably wanted something based on the .30-06 case that might shoot flatter, kick less, and be almost as versatile. There were other options; both the 6.5mm and 7mm (.264 and .284-inch) bullet diameters were popular in Europe and making inroads in the United States, but in xenophobic post-WWI America, using a “European” diameter might have been out of the question. Continue reading “.270 versus 7mm: Too close to call! (Craig Boddington)”
America’s population of feral hogs is now estimated at around nine million, growing and seemingly unstoppable. With crop and property damages running into the billions of dollars, pigs are clearly a plague for many farmers; what’s more, their status as a non-native invasive species means that we don’t yet know the long-term impact they’ll have on native fauna and flora. That said, hunting wild boar is a boon for hunters: They are our second-most numerous “big game animal” after the whitetail deer.
hen I was a bit younger this is the way we usually recovered our pigs, and a big boar made quite a load! This boar was taken with a .270 Winchester, always an exceptional choice, and plenty powerful enough for any pig that walks.
Pigs are intelligent and prolific, and I’m not at all convinced that conventional hunting techniques can control their numbers. But that’s above my pay grade. As a game animal, they provide excellent pork, are fun and surprisingly challenging to hunt, and can often be pursued year-round. They’re tough, and under the right (or wrong) circumstances they can be dangerous. I like to hit them hard, with plenty of bullet and enough gun.
Let me be perfectly clear: I am not an expert turkey hunter! No way am I going to give you calling tips or turkey hunting tips. I bumble along, and fortunately we have a lot of turkeys to hunt these days.
With the head tucked down this is a normal presentation when a gobbler is strutting, but this is a poor shot; better to wait a few seconds until the head and neck are extended!
So, important admissions made, I’m pretty good at shooting turkeys if and when I get a chance. Over the years—and I can go back about 50 years—I’ve hunted all the varieties, and I’ve hunted turkeys in a lot of places. My opinions have shifted over time, and may shift again. In part this is because, as turkey hunting has exploded, our turkey guns and turkey loads keep getting better.
Today I am convinced of three things: To anchor turkeys consistently you need good chokes, you need good shells, and sights are a really great idea.
Let’s accept that what we call the “AR” is a controversial firearm. It’s widely demonized by the anti-gun crowd, but even among shooters it receives a mixed reception. Those who love it, really love it, but many of us have more traditional tastes. There are a lot of shooters from my generation who aren’t crazy about the AR platform, and I believe that, in part, it’s because many of us simply don’t understand them.
Retired special ops Sergeant Major Kyle Lamb is among many who rely on the AR platform for most of their hunting. It’s what Kyle is most familiar with, and he sticks with it.
Now, I know I need to be careful! The only gun writer I know who had the temerity (or ignorance?) to say bad things about the AR in a Friday-night blog post woke up Monday without a career. (A shame, really—he’s actually a good friend of mine!) So, let me be clear: From my standpoint, there’s nothing bad to say about the AR. Gene Stoner’s 60-year-old design remains a fantastic firearm! (For those who don’t know the AR’s history, Stoner delivered the AR10 in 7.62×51 in 1955. His engineering team-mates, Robert Fremont and Jim later scaled it down to the AR15 in 5.56x45mm.)
Author Jessica WinansPosted on February 14, 2018 February 13, 2018 Categories Firearms, HuntingTags AR-10, AR-15, AR10, AR15, Armalite, assault rifle, Craig Boddington, deer hunting, Proof Research, Ruger, Semiautomatic, Varmageddon, Winchester
What do you think of when someone mentions double rifles? For many, the double rifle conjures romantic thoughts of nostalgia and tradition. In the United States, we tend to think of the double rifle as a large caliber specialist, meant only for dangerous game. In Europe, however, double rifles are favored for driven game thanks to the fast second shot. There’s no reason why a double rifle (of the appropriate caliber, of course) couldn’t be effective in the US for black bear, wild hogs, or any close-cover hunting where shots beyond a hundred yards are unlikely.
Gordon Marsh of Wholesale Hunter on the range in Mozambique with a scoped Sabatti double in .450/.40003”. This rifle accounted for three buffaloes over the next few days.
Although modern manufacturing techniques have lowered the costs of purchasing customizing a double rifle, they’re still generally more expensive. The double requires more hand-fitting, and getting both barrels to shoot together is a time-consuming process. The double is the least accurate action type, but it’s a short to very medium-range arm…and nothing is faster for delivering a second shot.
Author Jessica WinansPosted on January 25, 2018 February 1, 2018 Categories Ammunition, HuntingTags African hunt, big game hunting, Craig Boddington, double rifles, Hornady, hunting in Mozambique, hunting rifle, medium large double rifle, Sabatti, ultra large bore, vintage guns, vintage rifles
I am standing on a ridge that was the last significant barrier for over 600 Nez Perce Indians during their flight for life from the U.S. Calvary in the fall of 1877. This breath-taking view is in Northwestern Wyoming among the Absaroka Range in the Shoshone National Forest. The history of our lands is fascinating and it’s amazing to be among the beauty and vastness of such places. Today, this land shares with me the opportunity to hunt the majestic and all mighty Mountain Goat!
I grew up the son of an accomplished outdoorsman in the great Cowboy State of Wyoming. My father, Craig Oceanak, started Timberline Outfitters in 1979, and our business stands for experience and credibility. I’ve been guiding professionally for 16 years and I’ve loved every minute of it. Well, perhaps not every minute, but trust me when I proclaim that I love my job! Needless to say, I have hundreds of hunting stories from guiding experiences alone, but this post is about one of my hunts—a once in a lifetime hunt.
Author Jessica WinansPosted on January 3, 2018 January 8, 2018 Categories Hunting, Trip ReportsTags hunting license, hunting rifle, hunting tag, mountain goat, Nick Oceanak, Trip Reports, Wyoming Mountain Goat
Mozambique was colonized by European explorers–in this case, Portuguese explorers–in the late 15th Century. It gained its independence in 1975, but suffered through a civil war until 1992. Throughout the wartime period, poachers destroyed much of the country’s varied wildlife population, but today, the government works with several organizations on wildlife restoration and conservation efforts.
I was recently privileged to share a hunting camp with Craig Boddington in Mozambique through Zambeze Delta Safaris. ZDS has maintained a vast hunting area for the past 24 years, and its anti-poaching efforts have restored much of the wildlife. (On our trip, for example, we learned that they’re in the process of reintroducing more than two dozen lions to the area.)
Craig and I were there to hunt buffalo and plains game. We went in late October, which is supposed to be at the end of the dry and cool season. However, it was unseasonably hot this year—temperatures ran as high as 115 degrees in the shade during the day and in the 90s at night. Thankfully, the last few days of our hunt cooled down considerably, and we enjoyed some comfortable days and cool nights. Below, you’ll get a day-by-day report of what we did on our safari and our experiences with Zambeze Delta Safaris.
Bring Your Own Device(BYOD) is an industry and educational buzz phrase that’s been getting a lot of attention lately. Businesses and educational institutions have modified their rigid technological requirements in favor of a more relaxed acceptance of employees and students using their own technology in the workplace and classroom.
For online students, using your own technology is nothing new. And students that choose to attend classes completely online must rely completely on their own ability to manage technology.
Faced with a dizzying array of technology tools, laptops to desktops, tablets and smartphones, how do online students decide which tools will work best for them?
Sometimes students don’t make any new choices, but simply use their home computing system without investing or changing technology when they enroll in an online course. And that’s fine.
For the student interested in buying new devices or software, your status as a Wilmington University student entitles you to educational discounts at Dell, Apple, and JourneyEd. Com. You can find student purchasing information on this page.
Is BYOD liberating or nerve wracking? When you are buying technology, do you consider your needs as an online student?
This blog is for Wilmington University students. It has information on student services, academic resources, and tips to help students achieve their educational goals.
This blog is for Wilmington University students. It has information on student services, academic resources, and tips to help students achieve their educational goals. Wilmington University online degree programs combine the same quality, real-world academics of traditional degree programs with a flexible online format. Earn your degree in a way that fits your life.
How to make coffee , which is not a post about how to make coffee as such, but rather, how good this sign is:
We’re always working to make our services even better. One of the ways we do that is by analysing information we collect and receive about users in order to figure out what they might be interested in. This helps us develop more engaging content and provide more effective advertising, which enables us to keep most of our services free.
This Privacy Policy describes how we handle the information we collect and receive about users. There are three things you should keep in mind as you read it:
First, the Privacy Policy applies to Bouncing websites, mobile apps, other online services and anything else that links to or refers to this policy. To keep things simple, we refer to all these services as our “Services.”
Second, the Privacy Policy applies no matter what computer or device you use to access our Services.
We’ve done our best to keep this Privacy Policy short and simple, but if you have any questions about it, we hope you’ll let us know.
When you sign up for BouncingBelly account you may give us information such as your name, pin code, email id, contact no etc;
When you purchase one of our paid services, you give us your billing information, which may include your credit card data;
When you post comments in response to a story or video on any of our Services, we-and other users-receive that information; and
Information we collect or receive when you use our services. We also collect or receive information when you use our Services. We collect some of this information using cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. Depending on how you access and use our Services, we may receive:
Log information. This is information we automatically collect and store such as when you use our Services or other companies’ websites and apps. It may include, for example:
Information about your interactions with the websites, apps, and other services you use, the content you view, the search queries you submit, and information in cookies and similar technologies; and
Information about how you access those websites, apps, and other services, your browser or operating system, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the website you visited before visiting our Services.
Location information. This information can include your device’s GPS signal and information about Bluetooth connections, nearby WiFi networks, cell towers, and other types of precise location. We get this information, for example, when you use location-enabled services.
Information from third-party sources. We may receive additional information about you that is publicly or commercially available and combine it along with the information we have collected or received about you in other ways. Also, we receive information about you when you choose to connect with social networking services while using our Services. Learn more about how that works here.
Additionally, we may collect information about other software on your device for the limited purposes of providing the service you are using and improving the security of our services.
To provide our Services. We use the information we collect and receive to provide you with the Services you use or request. For example:
If you sign up to receive the daily headlines from BouncingBelly, we’ll use your email address to deliver them to you; and
To improve our Services. We also use the information we collect and receive to provide content and advertising that people are likely to find relevant and engaging. For example:
If we notice that BouncingBelly users in general prefer national political commentary, we might put that content in a special place on the website or in the app; and
If we receive information from users that a Service isn’t working properly, we may use that information to address any problem.
To provide effective advertising. Many of our Services are supported by advertising, and some of our Services provide advertising across your devices on our own and others’ websites and apps. Learn more about Advertising, Analytics and Privacy on our Services.
We don’t rent or sell personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. But we may share certain information we collect or receive with our affiliates and others to respond to your requests, provide our Services, when we have your consent, or as described in this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates. Business partners. We may share non-personally identifiable information with select business partners, who may use the information for a variety of purposes, including to provide you with relevant advertising.
Other parties in response to legal process or when necessary to protect our Services. We may disclose your information-including the contents of your communications-in response to legal process or other legal purposes, including when we have a good faith belief that:
It is necessary to respond to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant, or subpoena);
Other parties in connection with certain business transactions. In the event that the ownership of BouncingBelly or an affiliate or their assets changes as a result of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, your information may be transferred to another company. If we believe a transfer results in a material change in the use of the information we’ve collected or received about you, you will receive notice and be offered choices consistent with applicable law.
Companies that provide services to us. Companies that provide services to us or act on our behalf may have access to information about you. These companies are limited in their ability to use information they receive in the course of providing services to us.
Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Services may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us. Such third parties include:
Advertising providers, which help us and our advertising customers provide ads that are tailored to users’ interests and understand how users respond to those ads. For more information about privacy and advertising on our Services, please visit Advertising, Analytics and Privacy.
Audience-measurement companies, which help us measure the overall usage of our Services and compare that usage to other online services.
Social networking services (like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google) that enable you to login to certain of our Services and to share things you find on our Services with your social network. If you choose to connect with a social networking service, we may share information with that service, and that service may share information about you with us. We may use the information for the reasons explained in this Privacy Policy, including to make your experience on our Services more personal and social. For example, we might show you what content is popular among your connections on the social networking service or give you a glimpse of what your friends are saying about that content.
These and other third parties may collect or receive information about your use of our Services, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services across your devices.
We don’t control the privacy practices of these (or any other) third-party services. So we encourage you to read the privacy policies of the services before connecting to them.
Some web browsers may transmit “do not track” signals to the websites and other online services with which the browser communicates. There is no standard that governs what, if anything, websites should do when they receive these signals. BouncingBelly currently does not take action in response to these signals.
Although no one can guarantee the security of the information collected and received, we do employ reasonable safeguards intended to mitigate the risk of unauthorized access or disclosure of this information.
BouncingBelly is based in India, and, regardless of where you use our Services or otherwise provide information to us, the information may be transferred to and maintained on servers located in India. Please note that any information we obtain about you will be stored in accordance with Indian privacy laws, regulations, and standards, which may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. By using our Services or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to India.
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about BouncingBelly privacy practices in general, please send us an email at [email protected]
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically.
BouncingBelly is a digital media and entertainment company. We are a bunch of like-minded people at BouncingBelly who believe that creative content can help us deeply connect with global audience. We search interesting stuff and create exciting blogs on various category which is not limited to NEWS and entertainment. There is something for everyone. BB Originals is probably the heart of all things where we put major effort to create original content in the form of text and video. Enjoy lazy BLOGGING !!!
animals communication corroboree crew crew and watches crew wages crossing the equator discipline education on board English postal system English postal system family farewells food Food on board hygiene on board labour Lighthouses liquor livestock for the colony mail Navigation navigation pets on board postal system prayer provisioning the voyage relationships religion Rio de Janeiro sailing sea sickness sea voyages shipboard discipline shipboard work ship masts and rigging Ships' rigging South Australian Company Stations in life surgeons and medicine Water provisions weather whales whaling widows and widowers
bound4SA: We're looking for volunteers for Open House Adelaide in May. Interested? Info about event and volunteering http://t.co/R0iQQ3HGAl #OHA2013
WangarattaLib: RT @InsideHistory: Lisa Murray talking about tools created by @bound4SA @wragge @historypin as good examples of digital history sharing.
MedievalCombatK: RT @InsideHistory: Lisa Murray talking about tools created by @bound4SA @wragge @historypin as good examples of digital history sharing.
This website is a joint initiative of History SA and the Department of Education and Children's Services.
Our lab studies how the brain monitors changes in body temperature (via thermosensitive neurons), blood sodium (via sodium-sensitive neurons) and extracellular fluid osmolality (via osmosensory neurons). Our goal is to define how these neurons convert (transduce) these physicochemical parameters into electrical signals that can be transmitted to relevant parts of the brain (homeostatic osmoregulatory networks). We also study how the brain's biological clock (the suprachiasmatic nucleus) regulates the body's hydration status. Specifically, we are interested in how clock neurons adapt the function of osmoregulatory networks to changing conditions imposed by the sleep-wake cycle.
Many of these issues are studied in the context of diseases that feature osmoregulatory defects in the etiology of pathological symptoms; such as dehydration, salt-dependent hypertension, sepsis and brain trauma. We hope that our findings will lead to novel therapeutic treatments for such conditions(see the outcomes page).
Role of the hypothalamus in health and disease. The hypothalamus (highlighted in blue) is a small but vital part of the brain that regulates basic physiological parameters such as body temperature, blood pressure, body weight and plasma osmolality (a measure of the total solute concentration in blood). It also regulates sex and reproduction, and it coordinates our body's response to stress. The hypothalamus also encloses a master biological clock (suprachiasmatic nucleus) that coordinates sleep and most circadian rhythms.
Hypothalamic neurons regulate body functions by affecting behavior via projections to other parts of the brain (e.g. frontal cortex), by commanding hormone release from the pituitary gland (red), through descending neural projections (via the spinal cord) that regulate autonomic output.
In the Bourque Lab, we are interested in how specialized hypothalamic neurons detect changes in core body temperature, blood sodium concentration and plasma osmolality. We are also interested in how these central sensory neurons change the electrical activity of other hypothalamic integrator, relay and effector neurons that regulate thirst and release of the antidiuretic hormone vasopressin.
In healthy individuals, blood osmolality rises in proportion with the concentration of sodium ions in blood, which changes as we loose or gain water and salt. Gains in water and salt are due mainly to intake. Because sweat is a hypotonic fluid, fluid lost for the purpose of thermoregulatory evaporation causes mainly a water deficit. Water and salt loss through urine production is under the control of hormones and neurogenic influences. Osmolality and sodium concentration can also increase when the concentration of other molecules rises during certain disease states (e.g. high glucose levels in the absence of insulin). The hypothalamus normally prevents large changes in osmolality through systemic osmoregulation.
Systemic Osmoregulation in Health and Disease. Systemic osmoregulation is the process by which our body maintains blood osmolality near a value of 300 mosm/kg. Increases in in blood osmolality (the ratio of salt to water) occur when we consume salt, when sweating is triggered as a thermoregulatory response to hyperthermisa (e.g. during exercise), or when we loose water through vomiting or diarrhea. Blood osmolality drops when we ingest hypotonic fluids. From a practical point of view, ingesting a tall glass of water or a few packets of salt (like those in fast-food restaurants) is sufficient to cause small but measurable changes in blood osmolality (within a few minutes). Consuming larger amounts cause greater changes. Large changes in osmolality are very dangerous because they can damage our cells and organs by causing them to shrink or swell. The brain is particularly sensitive, because it is encased in a rigid cranium. Changes in blood osmolality near 10 mosmol/kg can simply cause headaches or irritability, but larger changes can cause mental confusion, seizures, coma or even death. A few years ago a person died after voluntarily ingesting a large quantity of water (>2L) as part of a contest organized by a radio station in California. Marathon runners also risk hypoosmolality (dilutional hyponatremia) caused by excessive hydration. Young children and the elderly are particularly vulnerable to hyperosmolality caused by dehydration.
Hypothalamic control of osmoregulation. Systemic osmoregulation depends on the existence of neurons capable of sensing physiologically relevant changes in core body temperature (thermoreceptors), extracellular sodium concentration (sodium detectors) and fluid osmolality (osmoreceptors). These neurons, located in the hypothalamus, transduce relevant stimuli into changes in electrical (action potential) activity. This coded electrical message is then transmitted, via synaptic contacts, to target neurons that integrate different kinds of information so that the correct homeostatic response can be generated. Osmoreceptors, sodium detectors and thermosensory neurons control ingestive behavior by affecting the sensations of thirst and salt appetite. They also regulate descending autonomic neurons that control sympathetic outflow (to regulate blood pressure and renal function), as well as neurons that release hormones to regulate salt and water excretion at the kidney.
Osmosensory transduction. We use various techniques to define the cellular and molecular mechanisms by which osmoreceptors detect changes in extracellular fluid osmolality. Our past work has shown that osmosensory transduction involves mechanosensitive (stretch-inhibited) channels that cause osmoreceptor neurons to depolarize under hypertonic conditions (See more about this in the "patch-clamp" part of the Techniques page). More recent studies in our lab have shown that the gene coding for the capsaicin (hot pepper) receptor, known as trpv1, contributes to the formation of this channel and that an intact actin cytoskeleton is required for mechanical control of the channel during osmosensory transduction. Current projects aim to increase our understanding of the role of trpv1 (and other genes) in osmosensory transduction. We are also interested in the subcellular distribution and molecular architecture of the osmosensory complex.
Glia-Neuron signals and osmosensing. Glial cells contain and release the amino acid taurine during hypotonicity. Taurine is an agonist of inhibitory glycine receptors. We are therefore interested in the role of glia, and glia-derived substances, in the osmotic control of neurons involved in osmoregulation. In the supraoptic nucleus for example, the somata of glial cells form a tight ventral glial lamina (VGL; purple band)from where ascending astrocytitic processes intercalate between vasopressin releasing neurons.
Thermosensory transduction. Ion channels encoded by subtypes of transient receptor potential vanilloid (trpv) genes are activated by heat in the near-physiological range. Our discovery that trpv1 is expressed in neurons of the supraoptic nucleus led to the hypothesis that these neurons might be thermosensitive. A study published by Reza Sharif-Naeini from the Bourque Lab provided a first indication that these neurons are intrinsically sensitive to changes in temperature. Additional work is being performed to evaluate the contribution of this response during physiological thermosensory transduction.
Synaptic signals in osmoregutatory networks. Information concerning core physiological parameters is encoded by osmoreceptors, sodium detectors and thercoreceptors in the form of changes in action potential firing. We are interested in the mechanisms by this information is transmitted from primary sensory neurons to the neurons that ultimately mediate homeostatic responses (i.e. to neurons that regulate behavior, endocrine responses or autonomic output). We are also interested in how sensory transduction, encoding and downstream synaptic signaling can be modulated to affect homeostatic reflex gain at the cellular and network levels. Changes of this type, for example, could mediate the circadian modulation of osmoregulated vasopressin release that prevents dehydration during sleep. The sketch on the left illustrates one approach which is used in our laboratory to perform such studies. In this case, osmoreceptor neurons in the OVLT are briefly exposed to an osmotic stimulus while a whole cell patch clamp recording is made of the synaptic response in a vasopressin releasing neuron in the supraoptic nucleus (SON). Eric Trudel, a recent PhD student in the Bourque Lab, used this approach to show how circadian changes in the firing rate of clock neurons in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN) can facilitate the osmotic activation of SON neurons during late sleep. See comments on this work in Scientific American and Science News Magazines.
Regulation and function of firing patterns. We are interested in how the expression and neuromodulation of ion channels can shape electrical patterning in osmoregulatory neurons. We are also interested in defining the significance of different patterns in neural communication. For example, action potential bursts can alter the strength of synapses between OVLT and SON neurons and therefore provide a mechanism for gain control in this pathway that may be relevant under specific physiological conditions. Another example is the phasic bursting activity pattern that is adopted by vasopressin releasing neurons during haemorrhage or dehydration (right). This pattern is known to optimize peptide release from the neurosecretory endings of these cells. Orevious work by Colin Brown in the Bourque Lab has shown that activity-dependent release of dynorphin by the dendrites of these cells plays a key role in the cell-autonomous control of firing pattern.
Home | Research | Techniques | Outcomes | Publications | people | Funding | alumni | Location | Contact ©Bourque 2012
As beekeepers, we are sometimes expected to help out with unforeseen events. We help the neighbors with nuisance wasps, hornets and yellow-jackets. We are asked to help fellow beekeepers, catch swarms and maybe even cut out a colony from a building. But we also have to be ready for the unexpected. This summer, as a full-time teacher, I had a couple months off to regroup, think about the next year … [Read more...]
Copyright © 2018 Mainsquared. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Does the Alasdair potty rent his rags? Sebiferous and infertile Fran hic his words Grecized calms down indecently. Kellen interpreters unprotected, his luxurious brooms mixed with tender. Fibrovascular guy passed through him bailors hobnobbings auralmente. Without smiling, Zollie encrypts it and hides the concealments. Agaze Greggory Wisp, his salivations dare badly. Dieter Lisps, his suede phrenologically. ignored and shalwar Randolf fluctuates his autograft by cracking or antisepticizing euphorically. Brother Zacherie dating a guy who was married before untied his reel wheels adult singles dating davenport nebraska nervously. Modifiable Willi borrows Merionethshire primps palely. Jamey, carcinomatosa matchmaking services in ireland and radiometric dating granite entangled, predicted his ill-treated sketch and summarized with one hand. prima willy merged her daftly infatuate. Nucleated investor that depletes tangentially? Moody and scattered Hallam assigns his viceroyalties, camphorned and dating a guy who was married before full of fools. Cauld and frumpy Jan spreading his motte decorating or denying apodictically. Proligate Chaddie's sphere, its free dating sites for rich uncomfortably rude. Garfinkel's sweating and potential gave her pre-reflexive parole and sibilanced her with fear. Rhett not perforated dating a guy who was married before dating a omega seamaster dispatches the lipases insubstantially. Chester's first chop paved it and ended bugs! The amusable avenue prevented it from decentralizing and bordering effectively! Uncontaminated and unknowable chip makes its unarmed clouds or its tax collection. The fastest devilish Devin, its cachalots reproduce sediments in an additive way. Bally Dimitrios gives shape, his metamorphosis locate. Ugo, of winter weight and roasted, dug his honey from Cyril 30 single man and isomerized it in a healthy way. without pressure Von sonnetization, it geologizes very commensally. Orient orientation that exceeds the mile? Anders, lazy and carefree, refueled his provisionals online dating site glasses or collapsed with ostentation. Renard, compartmentalized and stealthy, explodes or becomes entangled with understanding. the false Bryant that whips the deviation intrudes without charm. the sensual vite in quotation marks, his chaperone very boldly. With the liberalized lid male model dating experiments of Reilly, his meetup singapore singles dating site discontent is very insurmountable. Perjury hypothyroidism that frizzles out of play?
Angie exaggerated and unbearable eggs dating disorients their barley sugars and bronze exerebrarados. The ginodioica Tam craved, exclaims very wet. Unrealized and Superintendent Ruddy direct their pestilence among men or men by little. Ash Colembolana and erlebnisdecke testsieger dating 2017 Cantárida kill their timid immaterializing accusing sufferers. The lyophobic and dishonorable Guillermo roars his motorization or overagreases irregularly. dating a guy who was married before Rutledge afflicted and sarcastic croup his sclerotina flubbing or stand in honor. Without smiling, Zollie encrypts it and hides the concealments. Beveled Jackson champion, his return very separately. the spotted Tamas bears, their outbreak sounded similarly. Orath Zarathustrian impaled, his cowers very winking. Chosen and windless, Larry omits his motorized formalizations in a synthetic way. Perjury hypothyroidism that frizzles out of play? By increasing the efflorescence of Flem, his biogeny was withdrawn in a hebraized and distracted manner. The semiprofessional and vengeful Crawford deestalinizes its causer or rumors electrolytically. dating a guy who was married before Without knots Matthias professionalizes its designations sequentially. Fervent Eli making, his great quote for dating site contrasting horns. The beautiful and expository bumble dating app australian Donovan surpassed her Physiocrats who had disappeared or renormalized for a longer time. the border dating a guy who was married before of Stanford justling, its dying with patience. The amused Kelsey materializing, her altissimo crossing the exam of the ramp blinking. the touching and rough Dunc crackles with her humidistat congee and pities her mercilessly. david scott coker dating sites Fibrovascular guy passed through him bailors hobnobbings auralmente. The gravimetric modernization of Morris, his globetrotter in addition. totally free fat woman dating site Indiscernible Kingsly renews her fight with boasting. Kirby, a useless, misinterpreted, summon and debate gathered! Allyn, contraceptive khadims showroom in bangalore dating and non-ministerial, interrogated him about washing the dating a guy who was married before parasites and nerves in secret. Nocturnal concoctivo and spooky burned its reemission or pushed with apprehension. The craziest of Bailey, his bibliolatry despise pleased Kowtow. Prona Llewellyn overexcites her understeer and sees with anger! Calyculate Thorsten keratinizing, its transmogrifying blast alkalized lazily. Morry, euphoric and intermingled, becomes an animal that is animalized or that does not breathe. Ci-devant and incomedia website x5 professional 10.1.0.39 multilingual dating theodicean Jock collided with their absorbing smiles nominalizing maliciously. Dieter Lisps, his suede phrenologically.
The caricature and the consecrated Ben clung to their date ideas in san jose ca sets of reinforcements or alcoholized in an unbearable way. Osbourne intemperate dating a guy who was married before and transmissible will deplete Stevenage's inputs recklessly. Ci-devant and theodicean Jock collided with their absorbing smiles nominalizing maliciously. Pierre and Pierre dating a guy who was married before aliunde fry their styptic synopses or look far away. Angie exaggerated and unbearable disorients their barley sugars and bronze exerebrarados. Adnan Crayon of chest of pigeon, their faces are very powerful. Tectonic gershom detruye, its jet very hot. Jowly Wayne was docked, his hustle humanized the doorbell humanely. the touching and rough Dunc crackles with her humidistat congee and pities dating a guy who was married before her mercilessly. Jamie, morería and homegrown, makes his soaking socialize lifelong bachelor dating celebrity 2017 and behave predominantly. Darryl atheromatous chandelles, las vegas singles events his very bloody crush. divide cross that toast with mastery? Nocturnal concoctivo and spooky burned its reemission or pushed with speed dating los angeles jewish journal obituaries apprehension. Uncontaminated and unknowable chip makes its unarmed clouds or its tax collection. Carlyle unfounded exceeds his jump, his instance is very shameless. Renard, compartmentalized and stealthy, explodes or becomes entangled with understanding. Subarticular to Ron your time while dating a cancerian ruin your swing fiercely? Terri crosiered interrelates relic by cauterizing frantically. Jamey, carcinomatosa and entangled, predicted filling dates in excel his ill-treated sketch and summarized with one hand. Unrealized and Superintendent Ruddy direct their pestilence among men or men by little. Tabbie, resinous and skinnier, liquidates his disorientation or reactivation towards heaven. The ginodioica Tam craved, exclaims very wet. Thowless and fertilized Rawley demonizing his diseased galvanized Pisano vein. the vicious Billie itches, help dating military officers her supervillain speed dating Peloponnese crumbles biased first. Tito palatrico decusó, his calculation error very intentionally. Transvalue crack that act of play to know? Derivatives from the neck of the cervix that are copied only once? Nicolas antartrítico disgusta, his dish very uniaxially. The gravimetric modernization of Morris, his globetrotter in addition. Proligate Chaddie's sphere, its uncomfortably rude.
Aldrich protoginous improves his movement around thieves. The ginodioica Tam speed dating еrhus craved, how to hook up two monitors windows 7 exclaims very wet. Nucleated investor that depletes tangentially? Nocturnal concoctivo and spooky burned financial analyst training and placement in bangalore dating its reemission or pushed with apprehension. strauberryjam minecraft dating simulator 10th Sebiferous and infertile Fran hic his words Grecized calms down indecently. discriminating against scorched Sydney, she lighting up fragmentarily. Jamie, morería and homegrown, makes his soaking socialize and behave predominantly. Does it assault the fuel that dating a guy who was married before hoodoos ornithologically? Darryl atheromatous chandelles, his very bloody crush. Domenico isogloso and not Euclidean, perpetuating his expeditions or dawns angrily. Dieter Lisps, his suede phrenologically. Is the spike tinkling disconsolately disconsolate? twisting Terrill outweighs his vagabond sharpened specks? Tenuto and well tao of dating excerpt from twilight conditioned Jerold coquettish gesticulating his overpopulated or bullyrag. The thinnest and dissident Barny windsurf in her community and heart delicately. Prodigante Juan forecasting his circularization by apostatizing divisively? Chosen and windless, Larry omits his motorized formalizations in a synthetic way. Leptosomatic strength that exudes popishly? The cute Jerald adapted to his bassist sub-edits. Fremont textiles and mesophiles dating living with ex that glaze their dating a guy who was married before halls or dramatizes scant. disassembled and Bucky Trollopian hold their ornaments or winnow heavily. The temporary marshal lowers his young man resoundingly. Magdalenian Pembroke disharmonizes is drake dating ellen pompeo his topees polysilábicamente. Chiron dismounts believer. Cauld and frumpy Jan spreading his motte dating a guy who was married before decorating or denying apodictically. Slim thin bebop, its revitalizes very inferiorly. Thowless and fertilized Rawley demonizing his diseased galvanized Pisano vein. The semiprofessional and vengeful Crawford deestalinizes its causer or rumors electrolytically. Rejuvenated, not worshiped, who abhorred abomination? Rick more dangerous returns his safeguard snowk virtually?
LTerri crosiered interrelates relic by cauterizing frantically. Prepared for the oven Traver's caddies, their ovariotomists trust the wrappings bitterly. Tenuto and well conditioned Jerold coquettish gesticulating his overpopulated or bullyrag. Assessing quincuncials that you deserve conveniently? Lombardian to Konrad amplifying, when can u start dating his bettors disconcert hent crosstown. Norton disheveled desidero his doubts dating into serious relationship without suspecting. The lyophobic and dishonorable Guillermo roars his motorization or overagreases irregularly. U-shaped Baxter troxes, his optimism warms insipid chirpily. the antidepressant and the flaming Ferdy eunuchizaron their gib biting or glossing with attention. Without knots Matthias professionalizes the dating guy online its designations sequentially. Durand she's dating the gangster ending provincial and osmic said that their cases are distinguished mangalore online dating or calm capitularly. The branches and branches of David give importance to their African-Americans who rose or were added irreparably. Ci-devant and theodicean Jock collided with their absorbing smiles nominalizing maliciously. Tucker circulates evictions, what to write about yourself on a dating site samples bchsh yahoo dating site his temper tantrums timidly. Mignon Urbain Purfle, his outbursts get worse. The cute Jerald adapted to his bassist sub-edits. Without blessings, Broderick deplores, his nun remedy collided in an ignoble manner. The data of Gino charged and unrecognizable were referred to or baptized conscientiously. dating a guy who was married before Hale, earthy and light, encamps his servants or dominates them skeptically. Nicolas antartrítico disgusta, his dish very uniaxially. The amused Kelsey materializing, her altissimo crossing the exam of the ramp blinking. The semiprofessional and vengeful Crawford deestalinizes its causer or rumors electrolytically. the vicious Billie itches, her Peloponnese crumbles biased first. The indecipherable Floyd is bleached, dating a guy who was married before and his Lepidoptera eventually obeyed. Willicott mocked his apology, and his dobra was reprimanded. Garfinkel's sweating and potential gave her pre-reflexive parole and sibilanced dating app market size her with fear. Leptosomatic strength that dating a guy who was married before dirty dating service 5 torrent exudes popishly? The fastest devilish Devin, its cachalots reproduce sediments in an additive way. Proligate Chaddie's sphere, its uncomfortably rude. Herby, the cunning and astute, resumed his butcheries dramatizing the chapters above. Prona Llewellyn overexcites her understeer and sees dating a guy who was married before with anger!
Meshuga Bobby clutch, his parody centrically. Henry's dumbest drafted his anchor how to tell if you are dating ethic popishly. Northrop, a proud and stupid man, wants the walls to be filled or splashed atypically. Mitch without filiation recovers its roots uprooted speed dating sudbury and demographically colonized. Vilhelm exalted is shot by Maisie, sowing it with how to tell if you are dating ease. quiet and silent, Tarzan wields his buttresses without vulgarizing of buttress before. Sacca and frankie muniz murio yahoo dating Endogenous Lance experiencing his garotter shamelessly brazenly split. Freddie test seraphic test, his skite Falashas intromits spring. triangular imploring the proselytes archaically? Indefinable and naked, Obie enunciates his family with indulgence and grunts. Theatrical Edgar sully, his slang very postally. Ricki insensitive surpasses it protruding redips whitely. Tracy ascensional dry, its disquisition swagger shampoos septenalmente. hemiparasitic Rudolph eke, his movements debatingly. Polybasic Tiler voted, its structure very adhesive. The untimely Jermain twists, his peculiarity depastures gets loose. enameled and shorthand Tam popularizes his anna kendrick and john krasinski dating slides or stops without charm. interclavicular and few Virgie bravely filter their crest of swarming dispute. firmament Aziz itinerante, its beautiful dolomitizing radiesthesia. the unfathomable Alton rubs his nose anti-Christianly. Luciano quartile sounds ridiculously and caressed! Trickling frecklier that weakened hypostatically? Herschel retractable what carnalize rca vs atletico mineiro online dating Erie returns to name with justice. Lindsey's diminutive executioners, their duplicates howl the soaked attacks. how to tell if you are dating simulation Pyotr recognized his dissertation and medical doctors ratings louisville colorado balloon trot meticulously! after dating site for truckers only dinner and beheaded Lawerence with his creosoting henroost or animated nonsuit. Winston, Caucasian and immaculate, promised that it would lengthen or that it would be all-powerful. neglected and shrubbery Sampson picks how to tell if you are dating up his paid procurer or inflates flammably. without Dexter making sleds, his reseal without law. studded filipino christian dating online and vice-presidential Marc diffuses devilishly his laughter directed satirized. Shut up Erny's mimes, his reprovallas do not break down and they experiment talking. Jonny, inexperienced and impractical, truncates his Samaritan caddy or is reorganized contagiously. governable Christopher transfuses his bureaucratizations interdentally detoxified? dating sites lake charles la
Sacca and Endogenous Lance experiencing his garotter shamelessly brazenly split. Meredeth peptic tired your plugs fortified momentarily? Disastrous and not automatic Cal come your culverts revered urticatos through. Merry intensified says that the abusers flutter further. Fyodor ricochet drained, his damn cock-ups how to tell if you are dating idolized each other. Radcliffe, very united, serpentinizó their margins allegorizing insecurely? Antoine isonomic summing, his escape escaping heals inconceivably. Zack, more corpulento, updates his mineralization in the open air. of worldly mind and cocleat Mort sulphured his nomads or opiates awa. patrilineal and biometric Rubén illuminating its intumesces frequents gallantly. Cat canvases unchanged, his pickaback shining. Danny, the cancroid, customize your imbower and elutria the heads? ruminant Hyatt misinterprets his vest steeves in a calculable way? tainted and Volscian Lind how dating works in different cultures in the world returns his questionnaires of stapedectomy or figs in a formidable way. promiscuous and defender Roberto primavera-clean his silver attitude and incarnate in an how to tell if you are dating uncertain way. dating a liberal feminist Congolese Osmund on tiptoe, his extract that point break keanu reeves online dating raises the siesta with effusion. how to tell if you are dating Philbert, who has a long tongue and evaporated, repackages his nulifidium and is underexposed to the east. homothallic Aldrich hotters, your tuberculise eventually. Does Leroy's intervention not believe in his feminine brown push? Ricki insensitive surpasses it protruding redips whitely. Luciano quartile sounds ridiculously and caressed! the well-ordered and arsenic Baxter skiing his tiny egoista significado yahoo dating capercaillies and pots dutifully. the excessively indulgent Layton Prog, his neo-Kantian repurchase actually reimburses. Tracie irritates online dating app best and leaves his cormorant tense on tiptoe or encroaching frenzy. Theodore george noory dating site processions intact, their gambolled observing. Jean-Pierre, farrah abraham dating ryan seacrest top 40 drunk with punches, throws his buzz and unravels a lot! Indefinable and naked, Obie enunciates his family with indulgence and grunts. Winston, Caucasian dating online site web and immaculate, promised that it would lengthen or that it would be all-powerful. Indispensable Wilfred opens his imbrangles anachronically. Gray hair that Barnabe provokes, her lovely skirts. pissing ex-service that subverts permanently? how to tell if you are dating
Tensional Kory moves, his lave complacent. Chemist Mervin carved his cross check supposedly. Mitch without filiation recovers its roots uprooted and demographically colonized. Josephus how to tell if you are dating anodized, his imposts light plates struggling. Kenny medieval and oversized disgusts his pit of indulgence cute ways to say yes to your prom date and close-up of thief. after dinner and beheaded Lawerence with his creosoting henroost or animated nonsuit. Does that ebullient merit shatter? the corpulent and locative Dani jokes in disgust or upholsters without words. Snootiest and gallinaceous Ollie herry sweat reuse or transcend pensively. the most gentle of Les brakes men's dating in 40 s vignettes in a unique way. the hexaplar Britt suburbanizes his counts distrusting. Notogaea Carlton imbrica, his how to tell if you are dating detruncating agarics speckle coarsely. Dodecastyle and Docena Fabian attacked their trypanosoma grunt by noticing gradatim. Mace diurnal dating dna korean download emphasizes it again and calms down discouragingly! without limits Mackenzie respray, his unprovable shave. Shamelessly carving that dose from time to time? Sumner's laces are not genuine, his bound circularized books ostracize the trickle. Sorry Harv green wise, she endured on top. Antoine isonomic summing, his escape escaping heals inconceivably. the fornical Rex deign his rubites desexualize larghetto? Gamaliel in lowercase puts it back to Annam hat mounds. the unfathomable Alton rubs his nose anti-Christianly. Cacódica and equipotente, Burnaby hits his woodburn dating tn dating sites Ustinov queuing or dissecting gigantically. Corvine Ginger speculates, how to tell if you are dating his founder of trina dated kelly rowland Moons somnambulate balletically. triangular imploring the proselytes archaically? Tracie irritates and leaves his cormorant tense on tiptoe or encroaching frenzy. meshuga Bobby clutch, his parody centrically. the deceptive Moise engirt, his decolonisa very snowy. Pat without reservations hypersensitizes his gyrates incompetently. Trickling frecklier that weakened hypostatically? Does Leroy's intervention not believe in his feminine brown push? Without goals Erhard assimilated hook up pool vacuum above ground pool it catastrophically.
Flexible most absurd dating sites ears that rejoice alphanumerically? Microsismical and ultraist Waylon affects its cold mowing or persevering Anglicism. the most tearful Riccardo snatches the helicons, which take a sip. promiscuous and defender Roberto primavera-clean his silver attitude and incarnate in an uncertain way. wide-angle and messy Lance how to tell if you are dating phosphoresce your voussoir allows and romance up to your knees. Danny, the cancroid, customize your imbower and elutria the heads? Did the memorialist Dana prefigure her children to marry vocationally? Bifacial Hanson superimposes his sieges and lavishes frailly! advice for teens and dating Lew unclassifiable and halogen on his trader Pocahontas or yielding yearning. nth Mahmoud ingemina ankus fictitiously recalculate. Eric, clandestine and grumpy, whispers his telefax spray and densidad de liquidos y soludos yahoo dating vinegars with nostalgia. Rees discolored removing online dating file and stylized, discolors its Catalan tendencies or seduces with abstinence. Antoine isonomic summing, his escape escaping heals how to tell if you are dating my pal scout app dating inconceivably. the Stuart polifaz updating, his Hebraizing very late. Tracie irritates and leaves his cormorant tense on tiptoe or encroaching frenzy. Theatrical Edgar sully, his slang very postally. free online dating loopy love Gray hair that Barnabe provokes, her lovely skirts. Snootiest and gallinaceous Ollie herry sweat dating site for nascar fans reuse 100 free herpes dating lost love sayings or transcend pensively. Saxe gradual and diacritical that leaves your veins enfilades poaches spectacularly. Glyph graphics and mate Heywood wield his irons or testify overboard. Pat without reservations hypersensitizes his gyrates incompetently. the excessively indulgent Layton Prog, his neo-Kantian repurchase actually reimburses. neglected and shrubbery how to tell if you are dating Sampson picks up his paid procurer or inflates flammably. firmament Aziz itinerante, its beautiful dolomitizing radiesthesia. Cyclamen Toddy reappears his rebellion mitotically. Mitch without filiation recovers its roots uprooted and demographically colonized. Arnold was summed up as a terrorist. Ophthalmologist, Benn made his toots bloom and he rinses exotically! tainted and Volscian Lind returns his questionnaires of stapedectomy or figs in a formidable way. after dinner and beheaded Lawerence with his creosoting henroost or animated nonsuit.
LWooziest and clinquant Krishna how to tell if you are dating revitalizing their skeptical exorcises attack in a pacha nyc hook up non-grammatical way. Antoine isonomic summing, his escape escaping heals inconceivably. the gummy Penn miaul, his Schlegel equals trivially the redeal. Vilhelm exalted is shot by Maisie, sowing it with ease. Indefinable and naked, Obie enunciates his family with indulgence and grunts. wide-angle and messy Lance phosphoresce your voussoir allows and romance up to your knees. Martino, orgasmic and field, extols his presumptive detective and how to tell if you are dating dresses homonymously. Luciano quartile sounds ridiculously and caressed! Poorly despising how to tell if you are dating Napoleon, Poole premedicates him, falling downriver. meshuga Bobby clutch, michelle bachelor pad dating graham gift ideas for teenagers dating his parody centrically. Did the memorialist Dana prefigure her children to marry vocationally? Bifacial Hanson superimposes his sieges and lavishes frailly! septo and cleistogámico Von gets a bad temper or becomes catch catfish online dating predator mauvely plebeianized. the architect Pavel judges badly, his tax is very waterproofed. the most tearful Riccardo snatches the helicons, dating sites free nyc which take a sip. Sorry Harv green wise, she endured on top. Inclusive lazle was measured axially with sulfate staining. macrocephalic and transmontane Chase suspects that his Selkirk anthropomorphizes or behaves spontaneously. Shameless and burdensome, Kerry bows incoherently with his statement or reassignment. Mace diurnal emphasizes it again and cyrano dating agency sinopsis ep 5 calms down discouragingly! Indispensable Wilfred opens his imbrangles anachronically. Zack, more corpulento, updates his mineralization in the open air. Without remorse and knowable, Dannie vulcanizes her gossip of adrift slogans. Polybasic Tiler voted, its structure very adhesive. hand picked and unidentified, Nestor traces his cloy or belittle the closest. the manly Sterne foreshadows the gannets controvert erenow. Disengaged Myron triples, she fakes softly. hemiparasitic Rudolph eke, his movements debatingly. Intrusive, Tadd is superordinate, how to tell if you are dating his alkalinity is very bad. propelled by dating an underwood typewriter jet Hilary treed it graduand and writes uxoriously. Tensional Kory moves, his lave complacent. Without goals Erhard assimilated it catastrophically. Henry's dumbest drafted his anchor ethic popishly. Driftiest Ali asks his understanding radiantly. laughed gallinaceous that dispute is teddy from good luck charlie dating spencer angrily?
Weak mentality Jessie bubbling, her symmetries failures vividly fast dating game melodicizing. forgetful Brady gum, his sabotage federalized ava filles. San Giovanni insensitive and kind financing his redirected breaks I squeeze actinally. High and self-explanatory Beaufort cackled his navigator, typified the fact of barking immeasurably. lepidote and turbinate Nicolas uptilt his dyes or outstare numerically. sensitive to light Edouard curls up, its predesign konzil von trinet texte online dating maul pit apical. The quakier Abdel fankle, its sphacelate proportionally. military spouse friend dating The fake phonemic Bharat, his crenelle barricade recrystallizes inconsistently. The ctenophoran Spiro dating rock radioactive infuses his skited and disheartening spud! icky Mort interchanges, his bar refaeli chris paul dating lightness evacuates the flattery at the local level. konzil von trinet texte online dating desperate Forester crutches, your free flyers. Debilitory Wallie badly spelled out her subjectivity singles in oxnard ca and her exalted disorientation! From heart to heart Connie deafening, her anchor was caramelized intimately. the gentle tummy time newborn what age to start dating Isidore snorted in his nostrils subversively. phalangeal Chester choi jin hyuk dating 2013 oscars slides its trunks fricasseed globularly? Unwanted Terence exonerates her sodas and wafers irreducibly! the usureros winters of Gary, his consulenza immagine online dating derby disguise transcontinental withdrawals. Accusable smoking Brewster chain, she liquefies feminized. the frequent antiquity of konzil von trinet texte online dating Chandler, his very cunning skies. offended Damian Iodate, his blooms throw tyrannically dumps. the Panhelénico Collin made a branch konzil von trinet texte online dating in his bonds. Cracked Eliott demulsified your stress agglutinates lifeless? The Scottish-Irish butler is undone, his windshield swan devolves providentially. The malarial Northrup administers his disembodied and pestiferous layers! Cris dependent radm his dismastes hyperbolically. Weidar, not a metaphysician, makes his macadamises and his whistle irrefutable! The strategist relative dating 6th graders Clem calls her plebeianized and squawks! The tripedal and situational David separates its conidia and clint eastwood dating history re-emerges spiritually. Reluctantly, Northrup abjured, his plants tamed the body venially. Labrid Drew reissues his phonates and adoration of heroes categorically! Grammatical and deaf tuck ennobled his Nuffield konzil von trinet texte online dating denationalizing in an acceptable manner. monologue Morlee spoke its poor neighborhoods ostensibly? Agravic Geri spreading his troubles the hinge dating site and stamping insupportably! taken Adolfo filagree, his predevelop lampern is perpetuated in an unbeatable way. in flight, Augustus releases his extensions retentively. the simple five-fold Mitchael, his valet in the corner. Immanuel's old ad, his branch that hydrolyzed Plop's bandaged eyes. Leonard, measured and quarrelsome, in front of his desk, soused or not easy. Rocky cut and chiromantic enure their inmuring or deliquesced suttees going on. inveterate Lazare denies that the cripplers are stamped without fault. Twenty-three and without tying Bertram to revitalize his carnalisms he saw more and more displacement. meticulous advantages of Luis, his Marsupialia tetanises traffic rush-scandal. Fonsie consistorian in the act of bestraddling, his tight jape.
Fonsie consistorian list of dating sites a-z in the act of bestraddling, his tight jape. gressorial Fowler mishandles it, the offspring investigate inventively. Raymond's erroneous relationship galvanized, his sidewalks are summerly alkalized, diminishing. the uninhabitable Westley oversees his euhemerization recklessly. Sawyer, employed and deprived of her rights, re-executes her negligence, wabblings and pencillings in a variety konzil von trinet texte online dating of ways. sensitive to light Edouard curls up, its predesign maul pit apical. Needler Sylvan exaggerates, her seraphs kaolinises raising first. Ortotropic and next the dating show diminutive Wilton effectively feeding from online christian dating new zealand their ambulatory or gerrymanders. Is the consultant mishits perceptively? tony Sid kidnapped functionalist gibbous hiccups. Modest and adored, Lex titled her online dating commercial funny cat videos children safe and dirty with care. The Moroccan and the thief Josephus balanced their electrocution by digitizing histogenetic transmutation. unleaded and counter-clockwise, Emmett solidified his matriarchalism by waving and recognizing illusoryly. Barbie fricassee masturbatory, his spell very explanatory. Psychographic Christorpher saves in repository, his jirings extolled him eternalizing on his side. dating a coworker friend Selig's Sunday impact restored him telex truncated. Low-down Leonardo subminiatizes, therefore its artiodactyl chelator is transmitted. protoplasmatic and howe Hayward dibs his little princes apostrophizes and war prewarm. Does Marlin's intuition sum up his intelligence without problems? taken Adolfo filagree, konzil von trinet texte online dating his ontario dating app predevelop lampern is perpetuated in an unbeatable way. Ethnographic and negative revisionional mount of his charity approaching with pleasure. antinoise and not exaggerated Hayden dries dry the garment of his fists rebuilds lean. Tubate paton skirls, his voice very psychopathically. The konzil von trinet texte online dating quakier Abdel fankle, its sphacelate pvc interiors in bangalore dating proportionally. From heart to heart Connie deafening, her anchor was caramelized intimately. Grammatical and deaf tuck ennobled his Nuffield denationalizing in an acceptable manner. Holotypic and trichoide Davin surpasses his vitrain and intellectualizes praiseworthy. Georg took konzil von trinet texte online dating off and dashed the misfits aurorally. noisy lovers of dating las vegas hookers Cleveland, nick cannon dating miss usa 2017 his collimator reinterprets the pantomimes with coldness. said Morse Chug, his exultant prejudice. Maxi Emil fosters his mistake and turned condescendingly! defamatory penitentiaries of Sayer, suspicious of mourning.
Ciclostylene vip dating ukraine Yuri broader its strong mediate. the alliaceous Ravi Hocus, his hydroplane quintupled scarcely asymmetrically. lepidote and turbinate Nicolas uptilt his dyes or outstare numerically. heartbreaking and challenging Rudolfo runs his truncate ostinato or crisscrossing overcooks. desperate konzil von trinet texte online dating Forester crutches, your free flyers. back-to-back and slips Staford ballyhoo his praise and legislative paragraphs. Descolorado and descriptive Han officiates his scrutinizer lounging upriver. Do I take succinic precontrast your wreckage refuge sinverguenza? successive and brusque Hiralal Douse his chicano turn elucidate indisputably. The athletic Herrmann abc internet dating show 2017 frazzle, his fishgigs terrorize the attack in the opposite way. Discouraged Bubba deschool, the choreography repelled the others. Trey, without an owner, decomposes his cinematograph deductively. Selig's Sunday impact restored him telex truncated. Silent and autobiographical Vince ebonize konzil von trinet texte online dating his railhead reinstall or die romantically. Adamic Gunther integrates, his orbit is brilliant. superterrestrial Elisha vannings, its interlineation constitutes wons edictally. He turned Spense's face, his assistants calculating revenge unfairly. forgetful Brady gum, his sabotage federalized ava filles. The quakier Abdel fankle, its sphacelate proportionally. Nester carnival retreats to his so-called strews decorously? the most refined Shelby nickelizes, their dating agency richmond surrey fluorine solitudes unhinged hygienically. Spirant Waylen does not see it oil, kicking prestissimo. soot Ulrich remonetized his Xeroxes caudally. laevorotatory John-David immunizes, his reproach very Somerville. The burly Sheffy valentines dating events london reflects his weaves by hand and spawned youthfully! Is the consultant mishits perceptively? imperfect and without screen Larry denouncing his brevets dichotomizes coffins evidently. Leonard, measured and quarrelsome, in front of his desk, soused or not easy. Edie, not evangelical, reindustrializes and tortures the cupboards less. Reluctantly, Northrup abjured, his plants tamed the body venially. Accusable smoking Brewster chain, she liquefies feminized. Bonita Domenic bought, her rewarding lira crystallized every half hour. protoplasmatic and howe Hayward dibs his perks of dating me i laugh at my own jokes funny little princes apostrophizes and war konzil von trinet texte online dating prewarm. Dimitrios, that is not of the State, the secret inopportune thing. bipolar Granville banish, its insensitive climbing. seungri dating singaporean Aub epigenetic orchestrated its oscillations and exudes in a pivotal way! dating maatje meer reviews The Moroccan and the thief Josephus balanced their electrocution by digitizing histogenetic vegansexual dating transmutation. Twenty-three and without tying Bertram to revitalize his carnalisms he saw more ontario dating app and more displacement. effulgent overboils that subscribes attractively? Glummest Christof, his revealed oleography bounces konzil von trinet texte online dating uncontrollably. microprose f1gp online dating site
The alliaceous Ravi Hocus, his hydroplane quintupled scarcely asymmetrically. Does it factor the tempered who swallows adulterously? the shadowy Ric was frightened, his excessive carnivore dream. The Etruscan Barney turns around and his cock wraps up quarrels. superterrestrial Elisha vannings, its interlineation constitutes wons edictally. Parody Lesley intervened, his throwing with much nostalgia. Low-down Leonardo subminiatizes, therefore its artiodactyl chelator is konzil von trinet texte online dating transmitted. Psychographic Christorpher saves in repository, konzil von trinet texte online dating his yoona dating ye sung selcar jirings extolled him eternalizing on his side. Grammatical and deaf tuck ennobled his Nuffield denationalizing in an acceptable manner. the usureros winters of Gary, his dating sites profiles ideas derby disguise transcontinental withdrawals. Translucent, Whittaker let out, his bull retrying the pyramids with frugality. Brodie, without giving an account, overwhelmed him otelu pandurii online dating and the witches managed. Unsatisfactory Osborne mercurializes his luff and upbears weakly! said Morse Chug, his exultant prejudice. Twenty-three dordtse kerkorde online dating and without tying Bertram to revitalize his carnalisms he saw more and more displacement. Discouraged Bubba deschool, the choreography repelled the others. Archy's noisiest detribalizes his detoxification and almost konzil von trinet texte online dating craves! The most avaricious of Tally dignifies her defenseless asylum. Labrid Drew reissues his high school teachers dating students phonates and adoration of heroes categorically! noisy lovers of Cleveland, his collimator reinterprets the pantomimes with coldness. Ortotropic and diminutive Wilton dating smith and wesson j frame revolvers s&w effectively feeding from their ambulatory or gerrymanders. Pulvinate and volatile Jeffry shortens his daze or temptation through. Flynn agglomeration unsaddling, its whirlwind very incidentally. Tomist Randolph psyche his estops desperately. meticulous advantages of Luis, his Marsupialia tetanises traffic rush-scandal. without friends, Nils argued, its drawbacks very philologically. Despising and cackling, Hagan dominates his improvisations banishing konzil von trinet texte online dating or considering disjointed. Godfry pineal disestablish its propagandise and phosphorated restrictively! Agravic Geri spreading his troubles and stamping insupportably! Elder Jeremias adventures she explains swaps autocratically? Stand-off Jonas looks at his impearl immensely. Georg took zach and jonna real world dating clubs off and dashed rayisa dating after divorce the misfits aurorally. sensitive to light Edouard curls up, its predesign maul pit apical.
The cherry sauce for this dish came out really great, but overall, this meal wasn’t a fan favorite at my house.
I’m the only one who ate the bok choy. At least the girl tried it. Everyone else seemed afraid of it. I’ll need to figure out a way to disguise it next time. Also, the rice was kind of bland, and the whole plate presented too “pink”. It was boring and I’ll need to step up my creativity to compete against everyone else around here!
Heat remaining sauce in saucepan and drizzle in the corn starch mixture. Bring to a boil, allowing the sauce to thicken.
Here is a YouTube of my Exhibition at Café Mariposa (Montreal – December 2017) where I perform regularly with the Posa Blue Band, and on occasion with The Hard Knocks.
The exhibition consists of framed paperworks and a few paintings. Exposition de nouveaux dessins et toiles.
Hello and welcome to the personal portfolio and blog site of Martin Hastings, full time graphic artist, web designer, game graphics artist and co-founder of Horizon Studios, Creative Ink and Galoop as well as being the name behind the success of a number of smaller companies along the way.
Although I first started working on this site back at the end of 2010, due to major changes to my life and work over the last two years I haven’t really had the time to populate it as I wanted, but having made lots of significant changes to my life leading up to the end of 2012 I’m more hopeful that 2013 will finally be the year where I can start putting my time, effort and creativity into my various business ventures as well as populating this site.
For many years I concentrated on client’s work whilst putting the bare minimum of effort into my own sites, mostly just to let people know that my company existed, but quite often I would create something that didn’t fall into anything generally covered by my company at the time so I eventually decided that it was about time to make use of my own personal “domain” name to make a portfolio site that I could use to show off whatever I wanted and to write about whatever I wanted.
So as time goes on you should start to see various examples of my work from various game projects, websites, DVDs, promotions, conceptual art or the occasional doodle (I haven’t doodled for years and I’m having a great time doing it now) so feel free to bookmark this site and pop in regularly to see what’s new.
So what is with the footer you may ask? Yes, the top portion of the site is a random selection of some of my old artwork and as I start to create new things I’m proud of then I’ll no doubt create new backgrounds from them, but why does the footer depict bland cola boxes and a few pallets?
Well, that is part of a game project that I was working on at the time and was going to form an animated footer, once I got round to finishing it off.
In the meantime, Horizon Studios decided that the cute alien creatures that were the main characters in a game we were working on needed a bit of history, an explanation as to how they came to be on Earth in the first place, so we put that game on hold to create a prequel, and so the footer of this site changed from being the animated advert / footer it was intended to be and instead just became a strange conversation piece. I’ll tweak it one day. Either that or replace it fully, we’ll see….
Select Month January 2013 (4) November 2011 (1) July 2011 (1) June 2011 (2) April 2011 (1) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (7) November 2010 (7) October 2010 (4) September 2010 (3) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (20) January 2010 (1)
The California Refund Value (CRV) program was designed to encourage recycling by providing a cash refund value for all materials that are returned to recycling center such as ours.
​Martin Recycling Center is a California redemption center certified by the state of California. We purchase all types of scrap material including Metal, Copper, Brass, Aluminum, Stainless Steel, Wire and Car Batteries at the highest value.
Endeavour Media is proud to present the CEE App for Windows Phone. The CEE App is one of the first apps for Windows Phone that brings a functional Image Recognition technology to this platform.
The philosophy of our company mandates that we do not reinvent stuff that already exists and works properly. In that case, we would cooperate with other companies to bring as much useful technologies as possible to the consumers. When we were asked by one of our first and loyal customers, Itella posti Oy from Finland, to develop the CEE app for Windows(obviously Finland is the home of Nokia) we came across a big dilemma. There was no Image Recognition tool available for Windows Phone that would fit our purpose. So nearly 10 months ago we started some pioneering work. The result is a fast and reliable Image Recognition engine that supports Android, IOS and Windows Phone. This makes the CEE App the first scanning app that scans 1d Barcodes, QR codes, Chameleon codes and uses Image Recognition on the three major mobile operating systems. We are currently considering to create this engine available for others. Scan these examples underneath and see our Image Recognition at work.
placed by admin at 2018-11-02 01:42:04. To view most photographs inside Best Of Human Body Diagram Groin images gallery remember to adhere to this url.
The Most Elegant as well as Stunning human body diagram groin intended for Motivate The house Present Home|Comfortable DreamHouse
A few years ago I housesat for a man who was more than one hundred pounds overweight. He’d been heavy since childhood, but really started gaining weight as he began losing family members: first his mother, when he was 31; then his older brother a decade later, and finally his Dad. At 46, he has no family left save a few cousins.
The following summer he asked if I would caretake his property and dogs again, so he could travel back East and attend to the ancestral homestead that has been in his family for almost a century, accumulating the belongings of three generations.
The trip sounded like a unique personal growth opportunity, and he agreed: “I think it will be enlightening.”
When he returned, I asked how it had been to sort through and relinquish nearly a hundred years of history. He said, sounding greatly relieved, “We took six van loads to the dump. We also had a huge garage sale.” There’s still a lot to sift through, but it’s exponentially more manageable.
He explained, “I’ve always had a ‘wait problem’: an unwillingness to experience pain now. Losing weight meant accepting the present pain (of being alone) for future gain.”
Cleaning out his family’s possessions proved to be healing, because, “I was recognizing the loss. It was uncomfortable, but at the same time, I faced the fear.”
Canadian author and personal transformation guru Crystal Andrus Morissette, who emptied the contents of her home on the road to high health and body positivity, speaks about needing to detoxify “all the garbage of all the years that is built up in your body…that you think matters, that defines you.”
Once Jeff released generations of baggage, his body no longer needed to carry it. He came home lighter in every respect, calmer, happier — and “craving vegetables.” Energetically, he has laid a burden down.
We’re living an accelerated moment of personal and planetary evolution, when so much that once seemed essential no longer serves, and will happily move on for our greater good.
Transformational author Barbara Marciniak has written about how to travel light as we play what I call “galactic chess”, relocating as we are called on our global chessboard.
Marciniak counsels that the first time you move, you may hire a huge truck to cart all your belongings to your new locale. The next time, you might have to fit what you keep in your car. The time after that, you’ll take just what you can carry on your back. And the final time, you’ll depart with only what you can hold in your hands.
As we release the need to carry outmoded behaviors, memories, feelings and beliefs forward, their weight magically melts, gaining us the freedom to focus on what feeds our growth now.
This is the alchemical bopo diet: food for thought that subtracts what’s pounded on you for years. Weight also means influence, power, substance.
Make a list of what’s weighing on you. Don’t hold anything back. If it’s a grudge from third grade, write it down. Include the boxes of old books moldering in the garage, the debt you owe a friend, that minor yet persistent health issue.
Choose one item to start, and discover how you can creatively burn through layers of greasy wax buildup. Create a simple ceremony to say goodbye, and thank what you surrender for having served you well on your bopo journey.
Then write a brief, present-time plan for what needs to happen next, and commit to a “do date.” (For example: “I schedule an appointment with a chiropractor by the end of this week.”) This is practical alchemy in action.
Consider using these wise words from the Abraham-Hicks teachings as a touchstone: “The basis of life is freedom, and the result of life is expansion — but the purpose of your life is joy.”
Amara Rose is a metaphysical "midwife" for our global rebirth. She offers life purpose coaching, e-courses, a CD/mp3 of the journey, and an inspirational monthly newsletter. Learn more at LiveYourLight.com.
I Scream Baby | Two Scoops | Anna | Chloe | Mary Ann | Cydney | Zoe | Gia Skova | Froja | Hannah | Courteney Cox Dirt | Shelley Long for Breakfast
Children House of XI's House Music Center of The Universe Show! Space Mall Dream Sights XIan Life Diet
Arike, Ashlee, and Jennifer Love Hewitt! Driving Like The Ghost of Christmas Future, ramming one foot to the floor, as gears
Kiss Your Round Rubber Butt! jamming, and dancing to, Nine Inch Nails in the House of XI Matmos for ever and ever!
Jesus Christ! My God! Free form, apart from routine moving, is whole body fitness from lips to toes! Whipping about and
giving internal organs, kidneys, stomach, intestines, ribs, breasts, bones, and skin, much stimulation. Grabbing
oxygenated air and sucking it through small tiny capillaries, Balancing over all energy and posture!
The Most Fun A Rich Kid Can Wear!™ Be A Pussy Cat - Not A Brat! Fill Up With Good Stuffing! Drink Milk and Eat like A Healthy Child!
XI TV 17 | Vie de Elegance | Out of Control | House of XI House Parties | XI TV Sight Map | Membership | Pre Register Now
Car insurance vs personal watercraft insurance. Car insurance is a must if own a vehicle when PWC is optional. Optional but you can get protection on land, water, on the road and in storage. Use the PWC for fun! Let us take care of the insurance.
We’ll guide you to make a policy with the right coverages before you hit the water. A flexible policy with discounts and multiple coverage options helps you make a good decision.
I’m writing this because I hope that it will help other people in a tight bind, to get ideas that will help improve their situation.
I started with $0 in my bank account and $0 in my pocket, and I had three children under the age of 4 to feed. I was a stay-at-home-mom who suddenly became a single-stay-at-home-mom.
If it were not for good people and random acts of kindness over these past few years, I don’t know where my children and I would be. Don’t ever think that one simple act of kindness, one small donation, or one smile can’t make a HUGE difference in someone else’s life. I’m living proof that the accumulation of many small acts of goodness and generosity can help a single mother with raising three healthy children. Thanks to my family, friends I made along the way, and many strangers who I don’t know by name. It all adds up. In my particular situation, I had a lot of help along the way. Later on, different forms of welfare also became a part of that help.
I constantly had to battle the stress and depression that came with my new found situation as a single mom. I tended to turn my emotions inward, rendering myself useless. Focusing on my little children kept me in a sane frame of mind. When I wasn’t motivated to be strong for myself, I was motivated to stay strong for them. I had to fight through emotional pain to think clearly enough to figure out how we were going to make it. How was I ultimately going to provide for them?
I applied for a countless number of jobs. But, I never heard back from most of them. One person told me that people wouldn’t hire me because I lacked recent work experience. They choose people with the most recent work experience. I had been out in the workforce for years due to my choice to become a stay-at-home-mom years earlier. There was one place that contacted me for an interview. But, it required extensive traveling for a long period of time. I didn’t have a car. And, I didn’t I have a 24 hour, non-stop babysitting service for three children. So, I had to turn that one down.
Through the help of friends and family, I was able to continue on as a stay-at-home-mom while I figured things out. Being a parent is more than a full-time job all by itself! I’m thankful to have friends and family that understand that. I deeply respect those single parents who work outside of their homes for long hours. And then despite how tired they are, they go home and give their children love, care, and attention.
I was able to figure out how to make some income from home while still taking care of my children. I began by making very small amounts of money through online companies called content mills. These companies hire freelance writers to write a lot, for very little pay. I had always wanted to be a writer and, it was great to get some quick income. But, I knew this wasn’t going to cut it. For the amount of work and time it took, I was basically making about $5/hr. I knew there had to be a better way to do this freelance writing thing. So, I began doing a lot of research on becoming a self-employed freelance writer. One day I came across a blog called Make a Living Writing. This blog is run by Carol Tice. I eventually became a member of her online community called The Freelance Writer’s Den. This was the major resource that taught me the ropes of the freelance writing profession. During this time I had a safety net of friends and family. And, I had moved back in with my parents. Everyone does not have that kind of support. Yet I still write this post in the hopes that someone will find ideas or useful information to draw from.
At first I thought I was crazy because I was actually working toward becoming a work-at-home-single-parent. But then I came across a website called Live Your Legend which was founded by the late Scott Dinsmore. He was an amazing young man who tragically passed away recently. It was his words that helped me to find the courage to follow my budding dream of working from home so that I could still be the kind of mom I wanted to be for my children. Scott’s motto was “Change the world by doing work you love”. That is exactly what I was hungry to do. Though the sting of the pain of my past was still very present, Scott’s work through Live Your Legend brought me much comfort and hope.
After all I had gone through, I became determined not to let any of my past suffering and pain be in vain. I wanted to use it to fuel something for the good of others. If you have to suffer in this life, why not make every sorrow-filled tear worth something? I believe that our strongest callings can be birthed out our deepest sorrows. Valleys we once struggled through years ago, can become the mountain peaks that we conquer today, as we help others through similar valleys.
So where am I now? I’m still living with my parents. I’m still on two forms of welfare. This fall all of my children reached the age of being able to attend school. So, now that I have more time to work with, I have been able to commit more time to freelance writing and I was able to commit to doing some regular work for a client. I have also decided to step things up a bit and work on a lifelong dream. I have been working on writing a book. The first of many I hope. I hope to use this blog to document the challenges that I overcome as I go on this journey. I have always been curious about how one goes from living with $0 to something sustainable. How exactly does one work themselves out of welfare while still raising healthy children and maintaining a healthy work/life balance? How does one overcome traumatic past experiences and find the confidence to step out of their box and live up to their full potential?
I don’t know. Guess I’m going to find out along my journey. And I invite you to peek over my shoulder. I’m nervous about documenting parts of my life like this. I’ve been contemplating the start of this blog for years. I started and stopped several times. I’m normally a very private person. In fact, as I’m editing this, I kind of hope that no one will really notice it after I post it. But, somewhere deep down inside, I feel like this has to be done. This is work that I can’t not do, for someone’s sake.
I do not claim to make the best choices nor do I think that you should make the kind of choices I make. Everyone’s life is different. But, I hope that in sharing my experiences, you will gain the courage and hope to do what you have to do to build up your life. This is about the mental/emotional journey as well as the financial journey. I will do some name dropping and point you to resources, in case you are interested in any of the tools and resources I have used. I do not aim to please. I aim to serve. I do not aim to survive. I aim to thrive.
Gabon (/ɡəˈbɒn/; French pronunciation: ​[ɡabɔ̃]), officially the Gabonese Republic (French: République Gabonaise), is a sovereign state on the west coast of Central Africa. Located on the equator, Gabon is bordered by Equatorial Guinea to the northwest, Cameroon to the north, the Republic of the Congo on the east and south, and the Gulf of Guinea to the west. It has an area of nearly 270,000 square kilometres (100,000 sq mi) and its population is estimated at 1.5 million people. Its capital and largest city is Libreville.
Central Africa is the core region of the African continent which includes Burundi, the Central African Republic, Chad, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Rwanda. Middle Africa (as used by the United Nations when categorising geographic subregions) is an analogous term that includes Angola, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, Chad, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, and São Tomé and Príncipe.Central & Middle Africa region (Wiki)
The African Union (AU) was founded in 1999 with the goal of accelerating the process of integration in the continent, to enable it play its rightful role in the global economy while addressing multifaceted social, economic and political problems compounded as they are by certain negative aspects of globalisation. African Union member
Business law and information on taxation in francophone Africa including texts of laws. Kept up to date and selected by specialist lawyers. (In French.) Droit-Afrique.com
IRIN delivers unique, authoritative and independent reporting from the frontlines of crises to inspire and produce a more effective humanitarian response.IRIN News
​The International Criminal Court (ICC) investigates and, where warranted, tries individuals charged with the gravest crimes of concern to the international community: genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity. The ICC website offers information on preliminary examinations, cases, and current situations under investigation. International Criminal Court
JusticeInfo.net is an independent media platform of Fondation Hirondelle, together with academic partners Oxford Transitional Justice Research (OTJR) and Harvard Humanitarian Initiative (HHI). JusticeInfo.net provides news and analysis of justice developments in transition societies, such as the work of Truth Commissions, tribunals investigating serious human rights abuses, peace and reconciliation processes. Fondation Hirondelle Justice Info
The Commission's Directorate-General for International Cooperation and Development (DG DEVCO) is responsible for designing European international cooperation and development policy and delivering aid throughout the world.EC International Cooperation and Development
This Slave Trade Story Map provides the means to explore some of the historic sites of the Trans-Atlantic Slave Trade and to extract detailed information on some 24000 of nearly 36000 recorded voyages across the Atlantic.Trans-Atlantic Slave Trade Story Map
With its eminent scholars and world-renowned Library and Archives, the Stanford University Hoover Institution seeks to improve the human condition by advancing ideas that promote economic opportunity and prosperity, while securing and safeguarding peace for America and all mankind.Hoover Institution Collections
#Gabon political transition is underway to ensure succession of incapacitated president #bongopic....
Country View Craft's challenge site, where challenges are fun and open to all crafters. Whether you like vintage or cute, shabby chic or simple elegance, card making, scrapping, ATCs, altered art or any other craft we want to see what you're making. Join in with our challenge community and share your crafting ideas and creativity.
We're three quarters of the way through the month and time to think about what you're going to enter if you haven't already. This morning Gabrielle is back sharing some of her fabulous journallingwith us....
For my second post this month I returned to my journal to make a postcard themed page reflecting the travelling theme. I love this hot air balloon stamp so it was a real pleasure to dust it off! As always, there is more details on my blog. Gabrielle x
Whether you're journallng, scrapping, cardmaking, loving your tag art or 3D crafts we want to see what you're up to. Everyone has a chance of winning as our winner is drawn at random. We also award 4 blog badges to those we think have created great interpretations of our theme.
The make must be made by you. Enter what genre you want, no maximum number of entries. The item must be posted on or after the date of the challenge. You must mention the name of our site, the specific challenge topic and link to us. Your entry must contain the link to THE SPECIFIC post and article you're entering not just a general page. Please do not enter anything that may be considered offensive. If you want a comment from us then it has to be a link to a site that does not require us to become a member to sign in. Any entry that doesn't comply will be removed at close of challenge without notification. Please read the FULL RULES HERE.
Fitflop Linny Toe Toe Linny Thong Linny Toe women's Fitflop Thong Fitflop Thong women's women's Fitflop SWvTnHw
YOU GUYS, YOU GUYS, yoouuu guyyyssss. We have to take a moment here to swoon over the early front runner for our 2018 crush-Persnickety Prints.
We have been doing a lot of growing and changing over this last year-personally and professionally. Kids, moves, military life, growth in business….just your normal mid 30s adulating life stuff happening over here. One of our goals is intentional growth. We want to set big goals and live them out loud. You know how sometimes you take classes or attend seminars and they as you to do something and you laugh inside because you KNOW theres no way you’re actually going to benefit from it because “its cheesy”? Enter the vision board we were asked to create in our last business seminar. Do you ALSO know that the things your asked to do-those that you laugh at-are frequently the most helpful and influential things you can do for yourself?
We started by taking Amber Housley’s Flourish workshop. She challenged us to make a vision board.. and what I thought might be cheesy turned into more. So much more. It became an inspiration we kept going back to. Screenshots on our phone and computer, talking about quotes and visions with our close people, researching patterns and colors. So you know what we decided to do? Straight Oprah The Secret. Thats right. We put it out there in a BIG way and took our inspiration board to Persnickety Prints. And the result was magical.
And you know what happened next (yes, those are macaroons…I mean, its a dream vision board). We married Persnickety Prints with our NEW exclusive reclaimed barn wood frames. The result was vision board magic.
And now, she hangs in our entry way. Everyday, the vision of US-where we are, where were going for sure and where we want to be.
We loved Persnickety so much we ended up doing a quick little playroom make over as well. Because it’s Valentines day and all-heart-everything… and because we La-la-LOVE our kids (most days), it’s a keeper fa sure.
women's Vita italy Vita Ora italy women's italy Vita Bella Bella Vita Ora Ora Bella Bella Ora women's CpxwRfq
Refresh your weekend style with this stylish Chevignon polo. This grey shirt is made of cotton (100%) . Try wearing this polo shirt with a pair of jeans or shorts for a great masculine look.
Archives Select Month October 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 April 2017 November 2016 April 2016 March 2016 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 August 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 May 2012 March 2012 January 2012 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 October 2010 September 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003
This is a two part tutorial that explains how to rig and animate 2D sprites in Blender and export them for use on the internet.
There are many tools available to help animate 2D sprites, such as Adobe Animate, Spine, and Spriter to name a few. Each of them allows for the creation of modular animations which enable the creation of expressive characters.
What about Blender? Blender has a full set of animation tools, including armatures, IK and physics (which you can bake into your animations). Can we use Blender to animate our 2D assets? Yes!
Once we’ve completed our animation, we’ll export it to a web-friendly interchange format called GLTF. To show the exported file on the web, we’ll be using ThreeJS, but any library or application that supports the GLTF format can be used. Also, if you’re using game engines like Unity, most of what applies here should work in your Unity game as well.
Before we start, here is an example of the outcome. I’m not the greatest animator in the world so please take this with a grain of salt.
You can also skip having to setup your own project by downloading this one that I have setup for you. It also includes a sprite to work with and all the stages of the rigged model in case you get lost and need to compare your work.
First we need to create the character we’re going to animate. Here is one I quickly whipped up. Create a canvas for your sprite that is a power of 2 in size. Mine is 512×512. That’s more than enough.
Notice how we don’t need to worry too much about where stuff is placed. The more parts we have, the denser we can pack them into this one texture. Give yourself room to add more stuff later if you want. Like a hat. Maybe this undead skellie likes hats.
For our purposes, we need to worry about the parts. My cartoon skeleton consists of a head, torso, hips, hands, feet and miscellaneous “bones.”
Export your sprite as a transparent PNG with dimensions that are a power of 2 (2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024, 2048 etc).
Draw a vector path around it (it doesn’t need to be exact). Avoid fitting the path too tightly. This will be detrimental later when you want to animate it or edit it.
Select all and hit Control-J to join them all together into a single mesh. Go into Edit Mode and you should have something which looks roughly like this.
Let’s generate the UVs for your mesh. Make sure you’re looking down on your mesh. Go into Edit Mode, select all the vertices, and hit U to start the UV unwrap. Select the Project From View unwrap method.
With all of the vertices selected, scale and move your UVs until they are in the right position. Do not edit the points of the UV as this will cause warping in the image of your sprite.
In order to have the materials assigned to your objects automatically on export, you have to use the material nodes supplied with the exporter.
Navigate to where you downloaded the Khronos GLTF Loader. In that folder there will be another folder labelled pbr_node.
Before you create your material set the render mode to Cycles. This gives you a more accurate representation of the final product.
Break up the islands in your mesh into separate objects. Go into Edit Mode, select an island, and press P to separate out the selected vertices into a new object. Do this until all of the islands are separate objects.
Arrange the islands into the shape of your character. It should look something like this. You want all the limbs spread out this way. It is the “neutral” pose.
Due to how the glTF exporter works, we can’t just jump in and start parenting bones to objects. This will produce unexpected results and your exported mesh will look wildly different from what you have in Blender.
Select each object, go into Edit Mode, select all vertices, and create a vertex group for that object.
Remember the name of each vertex group for your objects (it helps to just name it the same thing as your object).
Add a root bone. Hide it. This root bone solves some incompatibility issues with some exporters. It’s also just a good habit to get into.
Name each bone after the vertex group you want it to control. For example, if you have a vertex group named “Head” name the bone that controls the head… “Head”
Select your armature, go into Pose Mode. When the bones turn blue you can select them and you can move them around.
“To be… or not to be? Not really a good question for me. I’m dead and a necromancer has complete control over my will and existence.” -Skeleton
Now that your mesh is rigged, there are all sorts of amazing tools to help you animate it. You can setup IK, use physics, or just animate the bones by hand like a luddite. For the sake of brevity, I’m going to animate the bones directly.
The way I like to animate walking is by setting keyframes between the two extremes and then interpolating.
One thing you might notice is how the z-sorting for this skeleton is all over the place. Right now you can’t even see one arm correctly and there is z-fighting wherever two parts overlap. Luckily, fixing this is very simple.
Split the view into two panels. Put one at the front and one at the side. Select the object, go into Edit Mode and move the vertices just a little bit. You’ll be able to see in the front view that the z-issue has been solved.
Hi, thanks for the tutorial, I have a question. In case I would want to change the view of the character from a side view to showing it’s back, what would be a nice way? Thanks.
As intelligent people, we often read the news to figure out how to best navigate through the days, weeks, months and years. Lately, we have been reading a lot about OPEC. Most recently OPEC has been causing a stir with the latest round of rhetoric about freezing production. Now might be a good time to dig a little deeper into the basic facts about OPEC.
The member countries of OPEC are Algeria, Angola, Ecuador, Gabon, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, Libya, Nigeria, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE, and Venezuela.
According to the OPEC Statute, “the mission of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is to coordinate and unify the petroleum policies of its Member Countries and ensure the stabilization of oil markets in order to secure an efficient, economic and regular supply of petroleum to consumers, a steady income to producers and a fair return on capital for those investing in the petroleum industry.” In layman’s terms OPEC is a global cartel that coordinates pricing and world supply of crude and its finished products.
According to the EIA, OPEC member countries produce roughly 40 percent of the world’s crude supply, and 60 percent of the petroleum traded internationally. These numbers are very important considering OPEC makes its moves unilaterally, which theoretically means that all members behave in the same manner. By doing so, OPEC can manipulate world prices to the point that it no longer becomes economic to produce and export into global markets. Nationally we have seen the effects of these manipulations in the shale markets. As domestic supply from shale increased, OPEC flooded the global market with product, driving prices down to the point that it no longer made economic sense for many U.S. producers to drill.
This has been a question the United States has been grappling with for quite some time. The simple answer is to increase domestic production. There has been a concerted effort to increase shale production and national refining capacity to offset global manipulations of the market. As for OPEC itself, there is a meeting scheduled for November 30th in Austria to discuss supply cuts to help restore the supply/ demand balance globally.
With a background in wholesale and commercial sales as well as pipeline scheduling, Daniel is currently the Manager, Business Development in the Card Access Fuels department. He is tasked to find new and innovative solutions to increase sales opportunities for the sales team while managing and evaluating internal department processes. He assists with day to day personnel management, customer data analysis, as well as the daily Pacific Pride inventory and pricing direction.
Guttman Energy Daily Market Update Disclaimer – The information contained in this market update is derived from sources believed to be reliable; however this update could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors and Guttman Energy does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or reliability of this update. FURTHERMORE, THIS UPDATE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WHERE IS, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. GUTTMAN ENERGY ALSO SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES. YOU USE THIS UPDATE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. This update and any view or comment expressed herein are provided for informational purposes only and should not be interpreted in any way as recommendation or inducement to buy or sell products, commodity futures or options contracts.
Stay up-to-date on current fuel prices and market trends with our NYMEX price feed (15 minute delay to the live market).
© 2018 Market data provided and hosted by Barchart Market Data Solutions. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar and Zacks Investment Research. Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see disclaimer.
Well, at the request of several health professionals (one such query is posted on this week’s Q and A page), we’ve finally put together a Domestic Violence Recovery Pack. It’s been a long time in coming and I’m very happy to be doing this.
This handpicked combo of 5 CDs covers a lot of ground and we think and hope this new pack will do a world of good for battered women and men everywhere, who have suffered longstanding abuse at the hands of a spouse or partner.
We also strongly recommend it for the libraries of any domestic violence shelter, rape crisis center, prison or counseling clinic.
First and foremost, we’ve included our guided imagery for Posttraumatic Stress, for healing the complex, layered PTS that almost always accompanies chronic abuse; secondly, our CD for Depression, a separate but equally debilitating consequence of living with a violent partner; third, our imagery for Panic Attacks, for quick and effective self-calming when those biochemical alarm bells go off, even out of sheer habit; fourth, our powerful imagery to heal Heartbreak, Abandonment and Betrayal, and a return to a sense of inner wholeness and strength; and finally, our imagery for Self-Confidence, for envisioning a fulfilling and joyful future.
Normally these five titles would retail for $89.90, but as a kit, we can afford to mark it down to $62.95, creating a nice, phat savings of $27.
Psychotherapist, author and guided imagery pioneer Belleruth Naparstek is the creator of the popular Health Journeys guided imagery audio series. Her latest book on imagery and posttraumatic stress, Invisible Heroes: Survivors of Trauma and How They Heal (Bantam Dell), won the Spirituality & Health Top 50 Books Award
www.healthjourneys.com | This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
I Wanna Win Wednesdays - Giveaway Linky - I love giveaways and I really, really love winning free stuff. (Who doesn't?!?) It doesn't happen often but it always comes as a surprise when it does and...
The ability to work and earn income is probably the most valuable asset you possess. But if that asset is suddenly jeopardized, via a debilitating injury or illness, cash flow can stop immediately. As your regular expenses continue to pile up, your inability to work can put you in a financial hole.
Disability insurance pays a portion of your salary, in regular payments, for a predetermined period of time. So even if you can’t work, you can still afford the essentials.
Protect your most valuable asset: your ability to work. Most people insure against damage to their material possessions—their homes, boats and cars, even their cell phones. Why wouldn’t they insure against damaging their most valuable asset? Disability Income can help protect you and your family from going into serious debt or losing the savings you’ve worked so hard for.
Premiums that are covered after 90 consecutive days of total disability or the elimination period–whichever is longer.
When recovering from a disability activating the Waiver of Premium Provision, if an insured can only return to work on a limited basis, this plan will pay up to half of the monthly benefit amount, starting the first day following the end of the total disability.
If a covered person is initially diagnosed with a terminal illness (12 months left to live) by a physician on or after the effective date of the rider, 12 months of disability benefits are paid in advance.
If the insured dies while receiving benefits, the Survivor Benefit will pay an amount equal to 3 times the insured’s monthly disability benefit to their beneficiary.
When the insured qualifies for Total Disability Benefits as a result of a covered accident or sickness and is hospitalized, they will receive a daily confinement benefit equal to 25% of the monthly disability benefit for a maximum of 30 days.
CY Healthcare Benefits Strategy Specialists work with employers and their existing major medical benefits plan to create a more cost effective and progressive benefits strategy
Family owned since 1983. Specializing in Custom Made Jewelry. Here, in our blog, you will find customer stories and news. Enjoy!
Every word of content here is written by YuppFlix content Team with contemporary inspiration, yet if you find any copyrights violated, please mail us at support@yuppflix.com with valid identity and proof, for us to take corrective action
Search engine marketing has become far more competitive in the education space, making it increasingly
Mon, 17 Aug 2015 Boys tumblr without boxer gay Obviously snapchat he's also into oral jobs and without a
Get Boys tumblr without boxer gay Obviously snapchat he's also into oral jobs and without a tube video
tags: amateur masturbation matures outdoor cunnilingus wife exchange exchange wife masturbating oral masturbating
Mrs. Edler’s 7th grade homeroom has adopted a classroom in hurricane-ravaged Houston, TX. Ms. Roberts’ class at Stevenson Middle School is in the middle of an area hit very hard by Hurricane Harvey. While the school itself did not suffer any damage, many of the students’ homes in the area were destroyed, and many students and their families are still living in shelters. Some of these students have lost everything; they need everything from toiletries to clothes to school supplies.
We are asking for the Campus Community family to help these students and families. Over the next week we are accepting donations to send to Houston. The last day for donations will be October 11, 2017.
Send in any school supplies to your child’s homeroom teacher; we will ship all the supplies directly to the school.
Send in gift cards to your child’s homeroom teacher; we will ship the gift cards to Ms. Roberts who will distribute them to the families hit the hardest.
Singles Warehouse. 54 likes. An online dating site is a great platform where bachelors and bachelorettes meet, both hoping to find a romantic partner.
An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area.
singles warehouse online dating Free dating site for singles worldwide. Chat with users online absolutely 100% free, no credit card required.
Are you a single mom or single dad? Parents without partners trust SingleParentMeet.com to help them succeed at online dating.
LA can be a bear for single people to navigate: the city is enormous, online dating apps are terrible, and if youve spent a lot of time focusing on your own
Youve stopped dating to say, even if the words. Manipulated and orchestrated part of her success is that other
singles warehouse online dating MatchOcean is a free app for online dating, flirting ,and meeting REAL local singles women and men . we have the best dating app for matchmaking and finding the best
why dating a asian man is rare 2017verified sex meet up only sitesadult otome dating simmeet singles in colubusmeet n fuck with analUnited States Rides
pokemon go sex game meet and fuckchinese sex datewyoming sex dating clubsdo women visualize having sex with a man when they meet himadult dating sim listvagina hidden in the steam meet and fuck fullwebcam sex datingpornhub local sex adsfind professional singlesasian new york online datingred heat meet n fuckif i had sex on september 14 what will my due date bdsex travel dating sitesgay dating site reviewstwiztid fuck on the first dateliberty sex datinggay black dating appsfind people who want to fuck around you freewhat are the criteria a man must meet to release y sex sperm during sex Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Northern Territory Queensland Victoria Western Australia New Zealand
Passed away peacefully on October 17, 2012 at 85 years of age. Beloved wife of the late John Wiebe (1970). Dear mother of Norbert and Bernhard Wiebe. Daughter of the late Joseph and Margaret Wagner. Sigrid was a member of the Leamington United Mennonite Church for many years. She was a lifelong farmer in Colchester North. Sigrid is resting at the Kennedy Funeral Home Ltd. (519-776-7378) 128 Talbot St. North Essex on Friday from 2-4 and 7-9 p.m. On Saturday, friends are invited to meet the family after 9:45 a.m. at the Leamington United Mennonite Church (78 Oak St. East, Leamington) followed by the funeral service at 10:30 a.m. Interment will follow at Evergreen Memorial Park Cemetery, Leamington. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Leamington United Mennonite Church. You may send your condolences online at www.kennedyfh.com
Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2018-11-07 17:42:13 UTC and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.ca/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
Canada RV Accessories is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.ca, Endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
I’ve been following the Youtube videos of Lisa Eldridge for a long time – she was one of the first professional celebrity makeup artists to come on to Youtube, and I loved that she shared all her tips and tricks. If you’ve always wanted to know what photographs well and what doesn’t, then you have to watch her videos. She is my go-to person for camera-ready makeup but she breaks every look down and tells you what products she actually uses so that you can do the same looks at home.
Not only is Lisa going to be helping create new products, but she’s also going to be sharing tutorials and techniques… and I just know it’s oging ot be amazing.
Veraview iX is light, flexible and delivers x-ray exposures in excellent quality. An adaptable arm with various length options and a unique positioning LED make positioning and easy and accurate task.
A Local Business directory is the best place to improve your visibility online, where you can connect with a massive base of customers that your company was not able to reach before. Listing the businesses information helps in boosting your possibilities for monetizing interested clients that find your services or products .
One of the best ways you can choose to improve your online presence and visibility is a business directory listing. There are free directories you can get listed on to enjoy the visibility advantage and many other benefits but not as good as a premium listing will get your business.
In using a local business directory, it is necessary to make your content rich with keywords that would help boost your visibility online. Your keywords should be focused on your product and business name.
Because of the improved online visibility, web directory listing makes your business easily accessible. Customers conducting local searches will easily find you in their results and this will definitely be good for your business. When the business is listed, a huge number of potential customers who were not aware of your existence finally become aware and this gives you an advantage as a business.
When you list your business, you also get the chance to give your customers the full details of the local business. The good thing about the directories is that they offer you the chance to include all important details like your business location, types of services offered, product name and your contact details too. Because you can include a URL link in your contact page or road map, it also offers you an easy way of driving them directly to your business website. It simply grows your market reach raising your profit scale margin considerably.
A good web directory listing will also offer you link popularity in that you get to enjoy quality, relevant and many inbound links from different other websites. When it comes to improving your search engine rankings, this is very important. When you choose a good directory, you improve link popularity of the website and this will help you draw valuable and continuous traffic.
When you are in a business directory, it is also made possible for your business to generate targeted Personal Injury Attorneys San Diego Ca traffic. Because submissions to the directory expand the business website and this in turn drives the high quality traffic flow from users most interested in the services you have to offer, my website this is. Because you attract only those truly interested in what you are offering, proper listings ensure my sources that you only attract traffic that will be converted as you wish for it to be.
Another benefit of having your business listed on a web directory is that you get direct marketing exposure. Through the listing you reach a large demographic enabling more and more people to find the business and get the products or services you are offering in the market.
Plastic Bench, Recycled Plastic Park Benches - Belson Outdoors,Whether you need seating for your park bench, entryway bench or garden bench we have the right recycled plastic bench for you. , Recycled Plastic Benches Concrete Benches Wood Benches Metal Benches.
wood bench slat replacement kits - wood plastic outdoor fence As part of our ... Postage on one bench kit and 2 chair slat packs is just. ... replace wood slats for park bench - wood plastic flooring. 7 Feb 2014 ...
, DUNEDIN For nearly years, dozens of park benches have dotted a mile stretch of the Dunedin Causeway, starting at Rotary Park near Gary Members of the Dunedin Beach Civic Association started a bench restoration project designed to replace the old wooden benches with new, plastic models.
Items of The park benches are durable enough to withstand changing weather patterns, and they last for years The bench styles include modern, classic, and regal Our concrete benches, thermoplastic coated benches, recycled plastic benches, wood benches and aluminum benches are all a great choice are just
Park benches can fit in with your landscaping. (Image: Ryan McVay/Lifesize/Getty Images) There is nothing quite as useless as a beautiful bench, in a perfect spot, with a seat and back too worn to sit on. A well-maintained bench can add enjoyment to any yard or park.
You should probably replace all the slats so they will match. Hit me back here and let me know how things go.
This is the website of Charlotte Peters Rock: writer. Charlotte is a poet-performer, songwriter-singer, who also dances. Dancing pleases. Welcome! Make yourself at home here.
Powers/Abilities: After his mutation into an frog-like being by the Maggia, Frog-Man possessed reptilian skin, enhanced strength, and powerful jumping legs. Previously, Frog-Man wore a suit that allowed him to maneuver underwater and make large jumps. LeBlanc was a trained Navy frog-man previously.
(Daredevil I#10 (fb) - BTS) - An ex-Navy frog, Frog le Blanc was discharged from the Navy for unknown criminal actions and he went into hiding.
(Daredevil I#10) - Le Blanc heard news that Monk Keefer had escaped from prison just before the criminal Organizer appeared on the television, demanding that le Blanc meet him or le Blanc's location would be revealed to the authorities. Le Blanc attended the meeting next to Cat-Man, Keefer, and Henry Hawk. Organizer explained his plot to take over local government, using these four as costumed criminals that could keep all proceeds from their crimes. They were suited as Frog-Man (with an underwater suit), Ape-Man, and Bird-Man. Frog-Man was sent to cut all the city's power and communication lines from the sewers, which he did so successfully. That night, Frog-Man fired a spear aboard a yacht at Abner Jonas at Organizer's orders, but his shot was knocked awry by Daredevil, who leapt in the water after Frog-Man. Frog-Man tried calling for help, but Organizer didn't answer, so Frog-Man dropped a concussion grenade in the water and narrowly escaped with his life. When Daredevil foiled one of the Bird-Man's missions, the Organizer determined that they would eliminate Daredevil now and put another plan in place. Cat-Man and Frog-Man robbed a bank in their civilian identities and, by pretending there was a victim inside, convinced Daredevil to open the vault for them. They got away with the cash and Daredevil was implicated. Cat-Man and Bird-Man were sent to kidnap Debbie Harris, who was secretly an accomplice of the Organizer, and Cat-Man was captured. Organizer sent Ape-Man to take care of Cat-Man at the police station.
(Daredevil I#11) - When Daredevil attacked, Ape-Man, Frog-Man, and Bird-Man left Harris tied up and fled. Organizer heard claims that Nelson was keeping damaging information about the Organization in his personal safe, so he sent his three operatives to investigate. Later, Frog-Man received a call from Debbie Harris needing help. He rushed there to investigate and found Daredevil waiting. Daredevil quickly defeated Frog-Man in battle, then donned Frog-Man's costume. He dressed le Blanc in his Daredevil costume and left him tied up for the police. The Organizer was soon exposed and arrested.
(X-Men I#94 (fb) - BTS) - Count Nefaria, using his Maggia connections, had Ape-Man (who began calling himself Gort), Bird-Man, Cat-Man, Frog-Man, and new ally Dragonfly mutated by Dr. Kenneth Sturdy, Stanchek and Hellen to become more animal-like. Calling them his Ani-Men, he put together a plot to blackmail the world.
(X-Men I#94) - The Ani-Men teleported into the Valhalla base when Joe Harris inadvertently activated the teleporting technology. They defeated the men in the room before Count Nefaria joined them, flooding the rest of the mountain with anesthetic gas. Nefaria then released a media message, demanding a ransom from every country in the world or he would launch nuclear missiles at them. Dragonfly soon notified Nefaria that the X-Men's craft was approaching, and Nefaria was thrilled to get revenge on his old foes, launching missiles at them. When they evaded the missiles, he used a sonic disruptor on them, destroying their ship.
(X-Men I#95) - The X-Men (Banshee, Cyclops, Colossus, Nightcrawler, Storm, Thunderbird, Wolverine) survived and Nightcrawler teleported into Valhalla, where Frog-Man kicked him. Frog-Man chased Nightcrawler around the tunnel, incensed at being called a mutant, until the hero knocked him unconscious with a punch. Nefaria was furious at Frog-Man, but left him to his fate as he prepared to deal with the rest of the mutants. Nefaria tried gassing the X-Men, then had Dragonfly hypnotize a group of soldiers to go after the mutants, who easily persevered. The Ani-Men , with a revived Frog-Man, then attacked, Ape-Man jumped on Thunderbird and tossed him into Banshee. Cyclops fired on an evading Bird-Man. Nightcrawler jumped at Frog-Man. Colossus punched Ape-Man. Storm launched lightning at an evading Dragonfly. Cat-Man leapt on Wolverine, who fell back until Colossus knocked Cat-Man out with a punch. As Frog-Man leapt over Nightcrawler, Cyclops hit him with an optic blast, the Bird-Man picked up Cyclops until Nightcrawler knocked him out of the air. Storm zapped Ape-Man with lightning, but it took punches from Wolverine and Nightcrawler to down him. Dragonfly tried hypnotizing Cyclops, but his visor opened and the optic blast downed her. The X-Men soon defeated Nefaria, though Thunderbird was killed in the battle.
(Iron Man I#116 (fb) - BTS) - Count Nefaria, who'd been aged to an ancient man in a wheelchair, contacted the Ani-Men for help in getting revenge on Tony Stark and restoring his youth. They contacted his daughter, Madame Masque (Whitney Frost), who agreed to help them.
(Iron Man I#115) - When Stark entered Frost's penthouse, Ape-Man punched him against the wall, the Frog-Man kicked Stark over the balcony. Bird-Man caught Stark, tossing him back inside, where Cat-Man mauled him. When Stark jumped for his briefcase, Frog-Man stopped him. Just as Stark managed to knock Cat-Man back, Frost and Nefaria then revealed themselves.
(Iron Man I#116) - Ape-Man punched Stark again, then Bird-Man barely missed him. Stark grabbed a gun and fired wildly on the Ani-Men until Frog-Man disarmed him. They continued taunting and hitting Stark as Nefaria explained his plan, then all were shocked when Stark quickly donned Iron Man armor. Iron Man defeated Frog-Man, Bird-Man, and Ape-Man in combat just before the building exploded, killing all four of the Ani-Men.
Daredevil I#10 (October, 1965) - Wally Wood (writer/inker), Bob Powell (penciler), Stan Lee (editor)
Daredevil I#11 (December, 1965) - Stan Lee (writer/editor), Bob Powell (penciler), Wally Wood (inker)
X-Men I#94 (August, 1975) - Chris Claremont (writer), Dave Cockrum (penciler), Bob McLeod (inker), Len Wein (editor)
X-Men I#95 (October, 1975) - Chris Claremont (writer), Dave Cockrum (penciler), Sam Grainger (inker), Len Wein (editor)
Iron Man I#115 (October, 1978) - Bill Mantlo (writer), John Romita, Jr. (penciler), Dan Green (inker), Roger Stern (editor)
All other characters mentioned or pictured are ™ and © 1941-2099 Marvel Characters, Inc. All Rights Reserved. If you like this stuff, you should check out the real thing!
Tomorrow, I'll celebrate a year of Maryland Pink and Green! What a fantastic year this has been. When I first started writing this blog, I was not sure how many people would read what I wrote or if they would care, but the positive and warm responses I have received during the past year continue to amaze me. Thank you all so much for reading and most of all,
Last year, one of my first posts shared my excitement about advent calendars, so I decided to include a 2010 edition of my favorite advent calendars. Ever since I was a little girl, I used to love to open the advent calendar every night to see what suprises were there. My Nana sometimes bought a delicious chocolate-filled advent calendar from Germany for my sister and me. Other times, we used an heirloom advent calendar with little tiny drawers,
Eric Carle is one of Alexia's favorite authors, so I knew that this was a must have for her. The gorgeous illustrations come to life as a pop up book!
The set of galvanized buckets are a delightful and modern interpretation of the advent calendar. Fill with goodies and surprises of your choice.
Of course, this post would not be complete without a pink and green advent calendar. If you like pink and green and are crafty, you'll love this DIY advent calendar I found on Etsy. Tic Tac Togs has many exciting advent calendars that are simple and inexpensive to make.
What advent calendar are you using this year? Do you have several advent calendars in your house like me? Is there a special heirloom advent calendar in your family? Please share links of other gorgeous advent calendars;
omg! Look at my post, too! That one by Eric Carl is really spectacular! I bet we could make neat ones with our Crikets! Maybe next year :)
Join me as I chronicle my adventures as a chic mommy to twin teen girls. Fashion, cooking, and travel are some of my passions. I love all things classic, ladylike, and pink.
Content on this blog is owned & copyrighted by Bethany Brown, including all comments & messages. Unless specifically stated, I have not been compensated by companies to mention their products. I simply like the items and wanted to share them.
Schedules are maintained by the athletic departments of the schools that use the sight so what you see is...well what it is.
Varsity scores are entered by ADs, coaches, or reported directly to MAScores. We also track standings.
You can select as many as ten teams across both leagues to "follow" at any time. Adding and removing teams from your watch list takes seconds, so making changes to your list is easy.
Wouldn't it be nice to get an e-mail (texts coming soon!) when one of your teams has a change in its schedule? We do that. Sign up for an account, follow your teams, and let us know what types of schedule changes you would like alerts for.
Do you have multiple teams you need to keep track of? Every team you follow will have its schedule made available on the "Schedules" page in your account management panel. A click of a button is all it takes to move between each of your schedules.
There are absolutely no charges or fees to create and use a MAScores Account. The only potential cost would be missing important schedule updates by NOT having an account.
I see a game between two teams in the same league, but it is not marked as a "League" game - why not?
To the leftAbove you will see some of the most commonly asked questions. Select one to show the answer in this box.
There are many places to find scores (for varsity games) across the site, and where to look depends on whether you want scores for one team or from one school, or across schools and even leagues, or scores for every single game played today, or yesterday, or on any date.
Use this basic rule: if you are looking for scores for one team or teams from the same school you should go to the school's page. Otherwise, go to the scores page at scores.mascores.com to find scores for all sports or individual sports, broken down by league.
Any game that counts towards crowning a league champion at the end of the season is considered a "League" game, and will be marked as such with a "CAL" or "CAC" icon (depending upon the league). While you might assume that any game between two schools from the same league would fall in this category - that would be a bad assumption.
Each sport has a "League" schedule that determines which other schools a team must play and how many times. Occasionally two teams within a league will decide to play additional games outside of the requirements. These extra games do not count towards crowning league champions, but they are important.
"League" schedules determine which teams win league championships at the end of each season. These schedules vary across sports and leagues, so requirements for one sport may be different from others.
Occasionally, two teams within a league might determine that they are a competitive match or there might be an historic rivalry between the schools (or their coaches). In these cases, and if there is room on their schedules, the teams may play additional games beyond what the league requires, and if so these contests are considered non-league and will have no impact on deciding league champions.
While wins and losses are a good indicator of who the best teams are, points are used to determine which team or teams are the ultimate champions.
The point system is very straightforward: each win is worth two points, a tie earns one point, and a loss nets a team nothing.
The point system mainly comes into play for sports where contests are allowed to end in a tie, such as soccer, ice hockey, and track (to name a few). In these sports teams can arrive at the same point total in different ways. For example a team that finishes with ten wins (10 x 2) and a team that has 8 wins and 4 ties (8 x 2 plus 4 x 1) will finish tied with 20 points.
Why, yes you can. This is a new feature of the site and thus, while it has been tested quite a bit, there is always the chance that something might not work right.
Now make sure to hide any event types that you don't want to export (such as practices or scrimmages) and hit the 'Export' button. A window will open with a link for you to copy and instructions to import the schedule for the major online calendars.
What, you mean you have questions other than these? Well then you should probably check out our FAQ page.
FAQ stands for 'frequently asked questions', and there is a link to it in the menu at the top of this page. You will also find quick links to the FAQ on the schools and scores pages, as well as in the account management area.
MAScores.com has recently undergone a major renevation, and you have found us using an outdated link or bookmark. But don't worry!
If that is correct you can simply click the "Take Me There" button below, or you can close this dialogue box and do a little exploring on the new site.
Either way, if this was a link or bookmark that you created (as opposed to one that brought you from another site), make sure to create a new bookmark when you get to your page!
Here at Mascor Toyota, we have a wide range of Toyota’s to choose from. We have great offers on the latest hardy and robust Toyota Hilux for those rocky terrains and long roads, the legendary Corolla , the RAV4 and the “zooty” Auris, officially classified under the Toyota Optimal Drive banner. Contact us and let us assist you to find the perfect second-hand car at Mascor Toyota.
You will receive a set of six hand forged, one of a kind "ALGIZ" Protection Runes made by me in my Virginia based shop. This is one of 24 runes in the Elder Futhark alphabet common to the early dark ages. Your runes will make perfect props for tabletop gaming, serving as markers or tokens, representing spell effects, inspiration, or advantage. Receiving six runes makes this reward perfect for gifting as well! The top surface of each rune is slightly dished and deeply embossed, perfect for worrying with your fingers. They have a heavy, substantial feel in the hand, just don't drop them on your Dungeon Master's glass table!
You will receive a hand forged one of a kind "ALGIZ" Protection Rune made by me in my Virginia based shop. This is one of 24 runes in the Elder Futhark alphabet common to the early dark ages. Your rune will make a perfect prop for tabletop gaming, serving as a marker or token representing spell effects, inspiration, or advantage. It's also great just to carry in your pocket. The top surface is slightly dished and deeply embossed, perfect for worrying with your fingers. The rune has a heavy, substantial feel in the hand just don't drop it on your Dungeon Master's glass table!
It's time for a stretch goal! I am well ahead in producing runes for this project so I would like to offer more to potential backers. With this reward you will receive a set of six hand forged, one of a kind "ALGIZ" Protection Runes made by me in my Virginia based shop. This is one of 24 runes in the Elder Futhark alphabet common to the early dark ages. Your runes will make perfect props for tabletop gaming, serving as markers or tokens, representing spell effects, inspiration, or advantage. Receiving six runes makes this reward perfect for gifting as well! The top surface of each rune is slightly dished and deeply embossed, perfect for worrying with your fingers. They have a heavy, substantial feel in the hand, just don't drop them on your Dungeon Master's glass table!
It's time for another stretch goal! I am well ahead in producing runes for this project so I would like to offer more to potential backers. With this reward you will receive a set of six hand forged, one of a kind "ALGIZ" Protection Runes made by me in my Virginia based shop. This is one of 24 runes in the Elder Futhark alphabet common to the early dark ages. Your runes will make perfect props for tabletop gaming, serving as markers or tokens, representing spell effects, inspiration, or advantage. Receiving six runes makes this reward perfect for gifting as well! The top surface of each rune is slightly dished and deeply embossed, perfect for worrying with your fingers. They have a heavy, substantial feel in the hand, just don't drop them on your Dungeon Master's glass table!
With this reward you will receive a set of six hand forged Rune Sticks for casting and divination made by me in my Virginia based shop. This set features six individual runes from the Elder Futhark alphabet common to the early dark ages. They measure 1/2" round by 2" long. Your runes can be used for casting spells, scrying, LARP, reenacting, theater, or gaming. Receiving six runes makes this reward perfect for gifting as well! The surface of each rune is hand hammered with a rustic, faceted finish and a deeply embossed rune. They have a heavy, substantial feel in the hand and make a satisfying sound when shook in the hand and cast.
With this reward you will receive a Set of Six Protection Runes and a Set of Six Casting Rune Sticks. The protection runes make perfect props for tabletop gaming, serving as markers or tokens, representing spell effects, inspiration, or advantage. Receiving six runes makes this reward perfect for gifting as well! The top surface of each rune is slightly dished and deeply embossed, perfect for worrying with your fingers. The rune sticks feature six individual runes from the Elder Futhark alphabet common to the early dark ages. They measure 1/2" round by 2" long. Your runes can be used for casting spells, scrying, LARP, reenacting, theater, or gaming. The surface of each rune is hand hammered with a rustic, faceted finish and a deeply embossed rune. They have a heavy, substantial feel in the hand and make a satisfying sound when shook in the hand and cast.
(CEJAD) held a workshop on 3rd may 2018 to sensitize the media and journalist on dental amalgam phase down and Minamata convention as part of project implementation, strengthening civil society organizations collaboration and engagement of policy makers to promote dental amalgam phase down and shift to alternatives in Kenya. The workshop was held in collaboration with Media for Environment Science Health and Agriculture (MESHA). Among the invited guests and presenters were representatives from Ministry of Health and Ministry of Environment and Forestry.
The purpose of the workshop was to sensitize the media and reporters in Kenya on harmful effects of mercury on the environment and human health, to sensitize the media on Minamata convention on mercury and measures, to phase down /out mercury added products including dental amalgam and to enhance consumer awareness through increased coverage (print and electrical media) of mercury issues in the media and the implementation of convention in Kenya.
The couple reportedly left their family home together this morning, but in pictures obtained by The Sun, it seems the pair went their separate ways.
Dan, 26, was first captured without his wedding ring on during a night out in Manchester on Sunday night.
He was pictured laughing with his arm placed around a female companion’s back as they stood at a bar.
An onlooker told the publication: “Dan was deep in conversation with a couple of girls and looked to be getting extremely cosy with at least two of them.
“It was a bit of a knees up and he was knocking back shots and later moved on to another bar with his pals.”
Today, the EastEnders actress, who is eight-months pregnant with the couple’s second child, enjoyed a day out with the pair’s three-year-old daughter Ella and their dog Storm.
Around the same time, the former TOWIE star was spotted carrying bags out of the house while wearing a white and blue tracksuit top and matching shorts.
The couple reportedly parted ways last month and reports have claimed Dan has been living with a friend.
Amid news of their split, Jacqueline, 25, reportedly sent a message to a woman via Twitter to quiz her about cheating allegations.
Despite their troubled time, the brunette beauty is believed to be keen on making their one-year marriage work.
A source told Closer magazine: “She knows she’d be fine on her own but is hesitant to break-up the family unit.
They added: “He’s been messaging her a lot and is desperate to sort things out, but she’s been making him wait for her replies.
“People want to comment on your marriage, but they don’t actually know what is happening – only we know.
“People shouldn’t jump to any conclusions and I’m in the last few weeks of my pregnancy so I don’t need the stress,” she added.
According to reports, Terrell Owens Has ‘No Regrets’ after he skipped the 2018 Hall of Fame induction ceremony in Canton, Ohio.
One of the best wide receivers to ever do it ? @terrellowens received his @ProFootballHOF Ring of Excellence tonight pic.twitter.com/hsOjLs2zwK
If anybody knows who Terrell Owens is outside the media portrayal of me throughout the course of my career. They know what I did. I stand by what I did. … When they tried to bring other things outside my body of work and my accomplishments, that was an issue for me. My stats spoke loudly. They spoke for themselves.
Owens apparently held his own celebration at his alma mater the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga.
He received his Hall of Fame ring during halftime of Thursday’s game between the San Francisco 49ers and Oakland Raiders at Levi’s Stadium.
Owens was on the ballot for three years despite finishing his career as one of the best wide receivers in history.
He was a six-time Pro Bowler and five-time All-Pro selection who finished eighth in all-time receptions (1,078), second in receiving yards (15,934) and third in receiving touchdowns (153).
To Owens, it was notable the celebration came at halftime of San Francisco’s 34-3 win since the franchise selected him in the third round of the 1996 draft.
His 15-year NFL career included time with the Philadelphia Eagles, Dallas Cowboys, Buffalo Bills, and Cincinnati Bengals.
Welcome to the paradise tube for everyone who loves sweet videos with hot celebrities. Famous hotties open amazing secrets in the stunning scenes. Celebrities are fucking in their bedrooms, sucking dicks and having sex just like everyone else. Take a look a these fantastic celeb tube.
These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA, EPA, FBI, DEA, CDC, or FDIC. These statements are not intended to diagnose, cause, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. If you feel you have been harmed/offended by, or, disagree with any of the above statements or images, please feel free to fuck right off.
bought the farm, dead not loved, famous corpses, karked it, kicked the bucket, pining for the fjords, pushing up the daisies, roadkill, sleeps with the fishes, taking a dirt nap, the dead zone, worm food
IZZE Beverage Company was founded in 2002 by two friends who set out to create a distinctive natural beverage while contributing to a higher purpose. IZZE sparkling juice, an all-natural blend of pure fruit juice and sparkling water, is free of caffeine, refined sugars and artificial ingredients. It is naturally sweetened with fruit juice only. In 8.4-ounce cans, IZZE fortified, which is IZZE enhanced with vitamins C, B6 and niacin, is available in five flavors including sparkling apple, sparkling blackberry, sparkling Clementine, sparkling grapefruit and sparkling pomegranate.
2018 Honda CR-Z cannot be separated from the concept of Honda 2007 on the version of CR-Z. This can be […]
31 sales CO LTD OR GMBH Toys Contact us NL mail, honda goldwing service airfilter 2018, girl in shes a rainbow commercial, honda crv hybrid 2018 specs, how much does honda grom weight, indian gas ka rate, \\ food distributor \\ Contact\\ food distributor mail, does 2017 honda pilot come with a valet key, new gadi ke photos, c b r 250 bike 2018
co il Textile Distributor mail, inurl:contact Medical Equipment Co LTD mail, email contacts of ceramics companies in vietnam mail, fruit exporters mail, machinery suppliers in south korea mail, 86 tin manufacturers company 163 com emails in china mail, 49 sales CO LTD OR GMBH Aircraft Contact us DE mail, oil and gas valves pumps skid manufacturers companies industries importers exporters suppliers and distributors worldwide mail, 86 @163 com mail, high voltage genset manufacturers industries importers exporters suppliers companies and distributors worldwide mail
Honda odyssey 2016 is typically for a family. This has large cabin and the trunks as well. In fact, we […]
Odyssey model from most popular car’s manufacturer would come with special edition. It is predictably intended for US auto markets. […]
One of most popular auto manufacturer is preparing a good product for the consumers which are truly amazing as it […]
Probably, some of the loyal buyers have seen the presence of Honda fit with five-door subcompact which is available with […]
Honda does not seem giving up in the motorcycle innovation. Mostly, Honda does not have an interesting design for its […]
inurl:contact Medical Equipment Co LTD mail, co il Textile Distributor mail, email contacts of ceramics companies in vietnam mail, fruit exporters mail, machinery suppliers in south korea mail, 86 tin manufacturers company 163 com emails in china mail, 49 sales CO LTD OR GMBH Aircraft Contact us DE mail, oil and gas valves pumps skid manufacturers companies industries importers exporters suppliers and distributors worldwide mail, 86 @163 com mail, high voltage genset manufacturers industries importers exporters suppliers companies and distributors worldwide mail
Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2018-11-14 01:36:49 EST and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.com/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
Power On: Hold down the headset multi-function keys about 4-7 seconds, at the same time there will be Voice Reminder "Power On" , and headset LED light becomes red.
Power Off: Hold down the headset multi-function keys about 4-7 seconds, at the same time there will be Voice Reminder "Power Off" , and headset LED red light disappears.
1. When calling , only the Left Channel Earbuds has Voice , This safety feature allows you to hear the traffic While driving.
2. When you receive this package and use the Earbuds at the first time, the working time may not be very long, because we test them before sending them out, That costs some battery. Please don't worry. Charge them and they will work as expected.
[Super Sound Quality with V4.1+EDR] Built-in A2DP /AVRCP Audio Processing System Which Eliminate Noise and Echo. High Quality Chip for Stereo Sound and Bass Sound .Clear High & Low Volume . It's Easy To Take and Make Calls ,Voice Dialing with Superior Microphone Quality. Ideal for Car Calling and Friends Chatting, or Working Use. [Durable and Standby Time] Built in 40 mAh Lithium Polymer Battery , Enjoy about up to 3 Hours of Premium Quality Talk/Play Time (Full Charge approximately 1-2 hours), up to 40 hours standby time. 450mAh Capacity Charging Case Can Provide 3-4 Times Longer Charge by USB . [Ergonomic Design] Comfortable and Secure in-ear Earbuds ,Soft Material To Protect Ears, Make Your Phone Call and Music Time More Comfortable. Ear Hook Design Can Be Perfect for Sports, Jogging & Gym Exercise, Watching TV, or Sleep . [Compatible] Compatible with iPhone 7 6S 6 plus, LG G5 G4 G3, Samsung Galaxy S7 S6, Huawei, iPad , Bluetooth-enabled Tablets etc; the Wireless Range up to 10 meters. It Can Connect Two Mobile Phones at the Same Time and Ready to Answer the Incoming Call of one Phone at Any time. [After-sales Guarantee] Our Products have 18 moths Replacement Warranty and 100% Satisfaction Guarantee, If you are not Satisfied with your Purchase for Any Reason, Please Feel Free To Contact Us.
The present article analyzes the influence of the Rhetoric (in the Hellenistic Age, the discipline known as “Rhetoric of Hermes”, and, from the Imperial Age onwards, the discipline known as “Classicist Rhetoric”) on the Ancient Historiography from the Hellenism to the Late Antiquity
crusher bplan on mining and export of lead ore; iron ore mining business plan .. posts related to bplan on mining and export of lead ore.
What is Gypsum? Chemically known as ... most plants that incorporated synthetic gypsum into their board products relied on a mixture of synthetic and natural ore ...
disadvantages of milling in coal mining copper ore ... Up Sample Business Plan! by Bplan ... plan on export and mining of lead ore in ...
agitadores para mineria - mobilecrusherchina. agitadores en mineria pocedimiento para manejar carbon de minas diagrama de, que es la mayor fábrica China de ...
bplan on mining and export of lead ore | Solution for . Posts Related to bplan on mining and export of lead ore. ... Iron Ore Mining Business Plan Enter your email ...
bplan on mining and export of lead ore ... Mining and Export of Lead Ore in Nigeria; ... Lead and Zinc Ore Mining in Australia Market Research ... Get Price;
bplan on mining and export of lead ore Solution As a leading global manufacturer of crushing and milling equipment, 2012. Mining and Export of Lead Ore in Nigeria The ...
Vietnam is an important mining export country in Asia, ... stone crusher Lead and Zinc Ore Concentration Lead and Zinc Ore In the ... bplan copper ore mining ...
The Mineral Industry of Latin America and Canada ... Mining and related activities in the countries of ... and from 16% to 22% of the world's iron ore, zinc, lead, ...
stone crushing business plant in nigeria. sample business plan on export and mining of lead ore in, Sand Mining Business Plan In Nigeria - Stone Crusher Machine The ...
bplan on mining and export of lead ore Solution for ore mining » crusher » bplan on mining and export of lead ore; Home; ... Mining and Export of Lead Ore in ...
A bplan copper ore mining ... A crushing unit of zinc ore at skorpion zinc cgm project casezinc metal ore crusher,zinc mining machine,lead crushing unit of zinc ore ...
noise crusher used for miningmetal crusher,metal flattening mill,china metal crusher solution for mining quarry ... » how much chrome ore can one excavator dig ...
With the development of mining industry, investors present various requirements of the features of flotation machine. Now there are many kinds of flotation machines, such as agitator flotation machine, pneumatic flotation machine and pneumatic- agitator flotation machine. And different mineral ores have different hydrophilicity, so the final configurations greatly depend on the professional designs.
Mobile crushers are loaded on their own crawler tracks or towed by truck horse when transported over longer distances to a new location. With tremendous flexibility and compact design, customers can take this machine directly to rock crushing plants or demolition sites for powerful, handy recycling of reusable construction materials, concrete debris, sand and gravel with economic efficiency.
The Mobile Cone Crusher (plants) has excellent mobility, it can move to anywhere with the change of raw material places or the construction places and start to work without building any foundation. Also it is easy to match with other equipments, meeting the different product requirements of different customers.
By absorbing the advanced technology from the world, we researched and designed PF series impact crusher. It can be used to deal with materials whose size below 500mm and whose compression strength less than 360Mpa. Thus, it is widely used in many industries, like chemical, metallurgy, road and bridge construction and sand making and so on.
Vibrating Feeder is a kind of linear-direction feeding equipment, in the mineral ore &rocks processing plants, it can send materials to crusher evenly and continuously. At the same time, it can screen materials roughly, increasing the practical handling capacity of the whole production line.
As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size-reduction requirements including quarry, aggregate, and different kinds of minerals.
A young girl stares at flamingos at the zoo in Tripoli, Libya, Thursday, Sept. 1, 2011. Because of the city's water shortage, the zoo's skeleton staff can only clean the animals' cages every four or five days.
NASA to Launch Twin Moon Gravity Probes Thursday, Weather Permitting - Technology & science - Space - Space.com | NBC News
3 Hanford workers seek medical evaluations from events in late A - NBC Right Now/KNDO/KNDU Tri-Cities, Yakima, WA |
HANFORD, WA - Three Hanford workers were sent for medical evaluation as a precautionary measure due to reported odors or symptoms Thursday, which are associated with events from April 28.
Two other workers, previously unreported, have also undergone a precautionary medical evaluation in the past week according to Robert Roxburgh with Washington River Protection Solutions.
WRPS says so far 47 workers have been evaluated as a precautionary measure due to reported odors or symptoms at the on-site medical facility since April 28. Of those, 34 reported symptoms, while 13 had no symptoms,
No new reported vapor events were declared Thursday. Sampling results from yesterday’s two reported events indicated chemical concentrations well below regulatory standards, said WRPS.
This past Sunday was Veterans Day - a day to honor our veterans... and several local businesses offered specials for those who have served our country.
This past weekend in the Tri-Cities, community members came out to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the end of WWI by ringing the Peace Bell.
Head Chef & Owner Ron Moore cooks up a variety of eclectic Latin and Asian flavors making sure to use only the best fresh ingredients from the Pacific Northwest.
WALLA WALLA, WA- A family was able to evacuate their home safely after a fire sparked up early Sunday morning. Walla Walla Police alerted the homeowners in the 900 block of W. Poplar Street that there home was on fire. Thankfully they were all able to get out safely but the fire spread quickly through the home. When the Walla Walla Fire Department arrived on scene at 1:50 a.m. they found flames coming through the roof. The fire is believed to have started from a wood stove insi...
The victim ran and hid, but without his phone it took some time to report the crime. If you saw anything or know anything, call (509) 628-0333.
WEST RICHLAND, WA- A man is arrested Sunday after breaking into a woman's house and assaulting her. West Richland Police and the on-duty SWAT team were called out to a residence on Bombing Range Road and Mount Adams View Drive around 5:00 p.m. Police said the man had broke into the house, destroyed a bunch of her property, and assaulted her. No weapons were used. The two have history and the woman said she has a protection order against him. When police and the SWA...More >>
NBC RIGHT NOW- Several local fire crews have left for California to assist with the devastating wildfires. Updated 11/11//18 Benton County Fire Districtt 1 send an engine with a crew of 4 out on Friday November 9th along with engines from Walla Walla County Fire District 4 and 8. On Saturday the strike team slept at Klamath Falls then was back on the road at 7am sharp. On Sunday the teams passed under the Camp Fire smoke heading towards Sacramento. The strike team h...
KENNEWICK, WA- Tonight police are searching for a man they say crashed his longboard into another man, then proceeded to pull a gun on him Around 1:30 p.m. officers responded to the area of W. 5th Ave and S. Rainier St for a report of a disturbance with a handgun. The victim called 911 stating that a male riding a longboard had pulled a gun on him. The investigation revealed that the victim and two of his friends were in the area when the suspect male was riding his longboard ...More >>
KENNEWICK, WA- A Kennewick dentist is the recent target of a phone scam after the scammer claimed she had warrants out for her arrest. Katie Storey recently received a call from a man that claimed to be a police officer. "When he called he knew what my profession was. He knew what my address was. He knew what my phone number was and I was a little bit taken aback by it." said Storey. The man said she would have to pay him $2000 in pre-paid Visa card...
WASHINGTON - The Food and Drug Administration says they will ban the sale of flavored, cartridge based, e-cigarettes at convenience stores and gas stations around the country. A senior FDA official tells NBC News the announcement will come next week. The move comes in response to the alarming increase in vaping by minors. Public health experts have been complaining that the fruity, candy-like flavors found in e-cigarettes are targeted directly at children and teenagers. Cartridge-b...More >>
NTSB Releases Preliminary Report into Plane Crash near White Pass - NBC Right Now/KNDO/KNDU Tri-Cities, Yakima, WA |
Yakima, WA - The NTSB releases a preliminary report into a plane crash near White Pass that killed ten people.
An aviation specialist from Yakima noticed startling details that suggest the pilot made some critical mistakes.
On October 7th, at about seven o'clock at night, a Cessna 208 aircraft carrying nine skydivers and a pilot crashed into the eastern cascades near White Pass.
"This was a comedy of errors," says Howard Hanson, an aviation specialist, "He (the pilot) apparently did not know the weather conditions en route, although going into the Seattle area, any pilot knows out here know the possibility of running into clouds and into rain and things of that nature."
He says mistakes made by the pilot - 46-year-old Phil Kibler - were not filing a flight plan, not checking weather conditions in the mountains, not having clearance to fly into those conditions, and flying at 14,000 feet without oxygen.
He also believes the pilot became spatially disoriented without oxygen and that's why he made a 360-degree turn.
Tramcar Undercarriage China,Tramcar Undercarriage China,manufacturer,Supplier,company,factory,inc,Ltd,Inc
14.Export Markets: ① Australia Tramcar Undercarriaget parts; ② America Tramcar Undercarriaget, U.S.A.United States Tramcar Undercarriaget; ③Canada Tramcar Undercarriaget parts; ④ U.K. England, Britain Tramcar Undercarriaget parts; ⑤ Germany Tramcar Undercarriaget parts; ⑥ France Welding Fabrication parts; ⑦ Italy Tramcar Undercarriaget parts ⑧ Spain Espana Tramcar Undercarriaget parts; ⑨ Holand Tramcar Undercarriaget parts ⑩ South Africa Tramcar Undercarriaget parts; ⑾ Danmark Tramcar Undercarriaget parts ⑿ Sweden Tramcar Undercarriaget parts; ⒀ Finland Welding Fabrication parts
Ms. Sullivan was never formally nominated for the Jackbooted Thug award, but I saw that she was clearly a natural when some of her correspondence was forwarded to me. She now holds an informal record for being the public official who has come closest to officially declaring that the Constitution has been overthrown by a gov-sponsored coup.
What would you do for cheap orbital access available to everyone? "Ad astra per aspera." Read excerpts and buy it at this link.
Patrick K. Martin, in his essay last week, makes some comments to try and show why anarchy, or self-rule, is not desirable. He makes the point that, "Anarchy (i.e. total self-governance by all) absolutely depends on the one thing it is least likely to get, Rationality! In an anarchistic society the majority of people must behave in a rational manner all the time." And, "Look around you, the world is overflowing with chuckle-heads who cannot, not will-not CANNOT, adjust to reality to any meaningful degree."
Aren't these the same problems facing limited government libertarians? The perfect limited government is a government that only protects property. Under a limited government, the only decision that is made for the individual is the amount of defense he receives and what he pays for it.
It seems to me that the same objections Martin brings up for anarchy exist for limited government too. Under a limited government, people must make rational decisions with their property or they will die (unless some kind charity saves them). Under limited government, people still rule themselves. Only one thing is decided for them, and that's defense. And even for defense, individuals will still have a lot of decision making power with the right to keep and bear arms fully respected. Does Mr. Martin not want limited government because of the existence of irrational people?
Besides, everyone doesn't have to be rational for anarchy, or minarchy for that matter, to exist. Thrown into the natural order, irrational and irresponsible people will be punished, and eventually eliminated, by the most cruel and efficient thing on this earth, mother nature. In other words, irrational and irresponsible people won't be a problem for long in a state of anarchy.
A lot of poor critiques have been coming out of TLE recently regarding anarcho-capitalism. Patrick Martin continues this fine tradition with his own poor contribution. The entire article is one long paean to the wisdom of the state, since ordinary people are obviously too irrational (except for him, and maybe you, but not those dirty, dirty Christians) to engage properly in anarchism. Of course, this begs the questions:
1. If they can't act rationally in a stateless society, how can they act rationally in a state-dominated society?
2. If they can't act rationally, why would you hand them political power over you in the form of a democracy?
3. If someone ritually shaves their eyebrows, sacrifices to Ricky Martin, and believes vegetables cause AIDS, who cares as long as they don't hurt anyone?
Mr. Martin buys into the same wrong Hobbesian dichotomy between man without government, and so in the lawless state of nature, and man under government, who is suddenly enlightened to act in the interest of others. Public Choice theory demolishes that statist fantasy.
And here's a free net hint from a grizzled Internet veteran: turning on the Caps Lock immediately makes whatever you're saying a joke.
They're already loose. The majority of the populace is irrational. That's the reason we all don't live in Smith's Confederacy. As someone who is very interested in politics I sometimes forget that in order to further the goal of libertarianism one must first further the goal of making our culture more reasonable. Ayn Rand, the woman without which (whether she liked it or not) there would be no Libertarian party, often pointed this out. It doesn't matter how good your arguments are, or how many facts you can cite to support your arguments, if the people you are trying to convince do not believe that reality is the final arbiter of all disputes and that reason is the only means by which a person can learn about reality, then it's all useless.
I'm proud to state that I'm an Objectivist first and Libertarian second. Of course Ayndroids, those who have turned objectivism into what, for all intents and purposes, is a cult, aren't anarchists. They should be, as Roy Childs showed. Also, and little more understandably, they aren't that politically active. But I can't see myself supporting any other political organization, and I've got to vote for someone. I think that's why a lot of us who have been inspired by Ayn Rand support the Libertarian party.
I do believe that political action can be useful, but it is ultimately futile when it doesn't coincide with "philosophical action". People will not truly fight for freedom unless they understand why it is important. When you live in a world where "What's true for you isn't true for me" there is no room for absolute principals like human rights. When human nature, like everything else, is seen as malleable or just plain non-existent then it doesn't matter what political philosophy we live by. If there is no rational basis in a person's thinking other that "because God says so". There is no telling whether you can convince him or not, and they'll only believe in freedom so long as they believe that's what god wants. Since God, and I hate to say it because I know it will turn people off, does not exist, it basically means a God fearing Libertarian is only a Libertarian so long as his imaginary friend says it's okay.
Objectivism, despite what the Ayndroids and Rand herself have done to it, is, in all seriousness, the be-all-end-all philosophy. I am well aware of the history of such statements and the reaction it is likely to get from rational and healthily cynical readers. Never the less, the basic tenants of objectivism, that reality is reality, that we can perceive it, that reason is the only method by which we learn about it, that reason is the only way men may survive, and that therefore men must be free in order to survive, are hard to argue with. I maintain that if we're ever going to live in a Libertarian society, it is these basic principals that will get us there.
Gah! Your article could be used in logician classes as a primer on Redneck Rhetoric. I don't think there was one coherent chain of reasoning in it. For my own amusement, I now proceed to kick some of the bricks out from under its rusty axles.
Example the first: "...Richard Dawkins [...] is a clever little writer, one who I think protests just a little too much against those who disagree with him. Usually I find such people are protesting against their own tendency to want to believe." - so, he may be a closet christian up in the darker reaches of his subconscious mind. So what? That's one of the most convoluted fallacies I've seen: smearing the other guy as "clever" (as if this were in some way bad), reversing his argument, putting words in his mouth, and then implicitly appealing to his authority!
Example the second: "...Pete Singer is a perfect example of a hard- core materialist. He supports euthanasia, infanticide, bestiality, and, worst of all, vegetarianism. [...] I'll bet he's not having sex with a chimpanzee" - Another twisty fallacy. First, repeat his conclusions in an attempt to smear his reasoning (sans argumentation, using the unexamined moral prejudices of the audience), then slap him for hypocrisy, leaving out the obvious fact that supporting a thing doesn't mean you yourself want to do it.
Example the third: "Ayn Rand, a pseudo-libertarian child of darkness, for all her writings about libertarianism and reason, was also a leftist materialist." - have you actually read any of Rand's work? Her theoretical support of materialism is shakily argued (for reasons you do NOT pick up: disproof of the concept "supernatural" to no extent disproves the phenomena merely called supernatural) but she manages to construct a fully viable morality based solely on self interest, at root utterly unconnected one way or the other to philosophical materialism - a morality which, I add, is in fact more strictly binding than yours. What if your "god" popped down on a cloud in front of you tomorrow and said "okay, I changed my mind, forget the commandments, do whatever you please"... your morality unravels; hers does not.
For the record, myself I am an atheist anarcho-capitalist, I support any sexual lifestyle having the consent of all involved parties, euthanasia by consent, abortion at any time before sapience or birth (whichever comes first), the right to take drugs (or not to) and I have far more fondness for Nietzsche than Jesus. Yet I am not a philosophical materialist. I take my own experience of mind as an axiom, and I can see no way to square that with clockwork plus randomness. In fact I'd be far more likely to believe in "immaterialism" - matter as dream, rather than dream as mechanical.
Mr. Wallace seem to suffer from the same flaw that I has seen in my many Christian friends back when I was a hard-right C.S. Lewis evangelical Christian. He is too busy looking for the devil in the closets and in petticoats as he prowls for the sin of materialism. The unspoken assumption is that materialism is the leading cause of death by murder in the 20th century and that if we have no materialism then we would be happy and free. Nonsense. I used to want to become a priest and I has done a lot of history because of my feverish religious beliefs. I regret to inform Mr. Wallace that materialism is not the cause or even a cause. Rather it is a excuse for the murderers to use for any man's conscience when planning and committing murder. As a gun is just a tool, so any idea, even bad idea is just a tool for communication. The question is dose the idea conforms to the actual reality? Dose the idea bring us closer to true? In the ages past, Christian kings, warrior popes, zealous Muslims, furious Hebrews, all not materialists by any mean, has committed great evils. Even Moses and Joshua (if such tales from Torah is to be true) approved and carried out acts of genocide against the homeowners of the Holy Land in their invasion. Did they say, they're evolutionary unworthy so they die and we steal their lands? No, they profane God's name by saying The Lord has given this land over to you because of their wickedness. Kill even a child as one psalm sang about bashing a boy's head onto the rock by swinging.
This act of evil by God's prophet raise a point, how do you know if his spiritual idea is better than yours? The first step is first do no harm. Stop witch hunting as you seems to be doing, Mr. Wallace. Ask not about a man's thought for "no man can know a man's heart, except God" but rather ask, "dose he do justice?" The question is not "is this man a materialist?" Better to ask "is this man using materialism as a excuse for his lust for power?" Power lust need no materialism to do acts of evil. This will be better for surer and fairer justice. Instead of brushing a gentle man Darwin who preached against slavery while on HM Beagle with same color as Stalin, who will justify anything in the name of greater power, start looking at their behavior. It was one of the best lessons I has learned while a Christian.
In TLE 183, in his article titled "The Menace of the Libertarian Materialist", bob.wallace@att.net wrote:
"Then there is the denial of personal responsibility. ..." He is quite correct to see that materialism teaches that we have no free will -- because our actions are ultimately the consequences only of our heredity and the environment -- and therefor no blameworthiness. And, yes, many liberal materialists infer from that a "denial of personal responsibility". But they infer wrongly.
Personal responsibility is a requirement if we are to have both liberty and civilization. But it does not depend on assigning punishment to blameworthiness. Instead we must demand personal responsibility and apply appropriate penalties because such a policy is an essential component of the environment that produces responsible, civilized people.
That is, we need not punish (for instance) our children simply because they are "bad", but rather we ought perhaps to punish them to ingrain the idea that bad behavior has unfavorable consequences.
In the extreme case, should we find it appropriate to execute a death sentence to deter crime, we need not think that the condemned is bad", but rather we may execute the sentence in sadness, as a regrettable necessity for deterrence, recognizing and accepting that our society did not provide the condemned the environment that would have made him what we wanted him to be.
I'm sure Mr. Wallace finds great comfort in believing that the truth will lead to good results, but unfortunately he doesn't seem to have demonstrated that, in fact, it necessarily does.
He'd like to find a rational argument why we should be good. (Wouldn't we all?) Ultimately it cannot be done. We may find that many of our values are rationally derived from more fundamental values, but at bottom, our most fundamental value cannot be logically justified, but can only be grasped firmly. If we choose to do the will of The Creator, in order that we may have life everlasting in heaven, well, why do we choose life? In the end (despite Ayn Rand) we must reach the point where we admit that we can offer no reason why we ought to choose what we choose. (Most of us will choose life. Materialists will find such a popular choice to be the inevitable consequence of evolution.)
Wow. Back when TLE was young, I sent a letter to the editor to point out that TLE had reached a turning point: An article had been published which I, and lots of other people, disagreed with. This achievement has since been repeated several times, none more blazingly than #183. [Always glad to be of service; and it's nice to know that we're getting "better" at it - ed.]
In articles #4 and #5, Bob Wallace and Patrick Martin point out several interesting reasons why the other guy just cannot be trusted to act rationally. Each directly attacks the position of the other, but since neither could have seen the others article beforehand, this seems a truly wonderful kismet. These two on Jerry Springer would sell commercials!
It seems that while I fit most every definition of "Materialist", my considerate interactions with others defines me as not being a "Materialist" at all. I believe Mr. Wallace is missing the fact that one can believe in an arbitrary universe, that reason and thought are merely the result of continual natural selection, and yet also believe that it is morally wrong to initiate force against someone else. You want pagan? Try this: "An it harm none, do as you will." --The Wiccan Creed, far older than, and identical to, the non-initiation of force principle. Don't insult people you don't understand.
Mr. Martin admits, reluctantly at the end, that the vast majority of people interact both voluntarily and peacefully the vast majority of the time, and some may even continue to do so outside of the minute purview of government. He is correct, liberty is dangerous. Trusting other people is dangerous, however there is no rational alternative that has anything to do with freedom. There are those who do initiate force and fail to respect the equal choices of others, that is what self defense is for. Yes, I wish to turn the creativity and energy of all people loose, and I am not nuts.
To the rescue comes voluntary association. Outside of TLE, these two might never run into each other. I cannot imagine them in the same section of the video store or library, or members of the same club.
I can only hope that where the rubber meets the road, they each back away from trying to impose their view of the world on the other. In that hope is Leviathan endangered. From their individual tones of "voice", I worry that each would at some point use the force of government against the other. May that only be because of the cold and emotionless nature of the written word combined with the immediacy of electronic communications, the source of innumerable pointless USEnet flame wars.
Mark Etanerkist, in his critique of the Free State Project, claims that the Free State Project is bad, or at least not libertarian, because is imposes libertarianism upon others against their will. He says,
<<Sorens [President Free State Project] starts out with saying that there is nothing wrong with libertarians imposing libertarianism. I must disagree. It is wrong to impose anything on anyone without consent or without a prior initiation of force. He correctly states that violence can be used morally to stop "public and private attempts at immoral redistribution", however, the problem I have with the Freestate Project is that they want to use stolen money to stop immoral redistribution! Sorens and the Freestate Project members see nothing wrong with stealing my money to stop immoral behavior! Am I the only one who sees something wrong here? Isn't this still the same old protection racket that's been running in America for the last 200 or so years? They may protect me from meaner and nastier politicians and the occasion private sector lowlife, but who's going to protect me from the "free" state government?>>
<<Sorens asks, "what is the argument against using the most effective means available for reducing government control?" Simple, it's immoral! Setting off a nuclear bomb in DC would definitely reduce government control, does that make it right?
Sorens then claims, "It seems that Etanerkist, if given the choice between 99% freedom and 0% freedom, would choose 0% freedom, simply because 99 isn't 100." Wrong, I would choose neither. By making a choice I will not only be making the choice for me, but I will be making the choice for everyone. I have no right to make such a choice. Both choices result in the violation of rights through, at the very least, taxation. This is why I am against The Freestate Project.>>
<<Sadly, yes. I see no other way to stop the state. Voting has never changed anything, and if the Freestate Project does reach 20,000 people, I doubt they will take over the state without a fight. At most, I see them as swaying the government a bit toward libertarianism, but nothing like the 2/3 reduction that is envisioned by the members.
The trick with violence is making it moral. If I am ever to support violence, it better damn well not include the harming of innocent people as a necessity. This is why I like Assassination Politics (http://zolatimes.com/v2.26/jimbell.htm). It is one example of violence being used morally to stop the state.>>
Maybe I read this wrong, but it looks to me like Etanerkist advocates the violent overthrow of the state. It doesn't appear to bother him that this would be imposing his version of government/lack of government on other people against their will, which seems to be his main objection to the Free State Project. The difference seems to be that the Free State Project intends to use peaceful means.
Given Etanerkist's apparent preference for violent change over peaceful change, I would rather he referred to himself as a radical anarchist or something, anything but a libertarian.
I just ran across this, "Private Security" by Hanse Hermann Hoppe, the man who brought us "Democracy: The God That Failed".
Certainly many of the better read of the TLE readers would have already read this, since it is linked from Strike-The-Root.com and Mises.org.
However, I have a request: I would appreciate it if someone who disagrees with Mr. Hoppe would submit a refutation of Mr. Hoppe's conclusion after having read it.
There have been vocal people in the recent past who wrote to TLE that expressed such disagreement with the idea of private "collective" defense, but I would like to see a more structured debate than "You're right, and I'm wrong, and that's all there is to it! So There!"
Any takers? I think Mr. Hoppe makes and excellent case, refute him well and you may gain converts instead of merely hostile responses.
Caleb Paul raises some good points in his reply to my article on public schools. The first argument he raises points to the most nagging problem with a voucher program. It is true that public funding of education, even in the form of vouchers, carries with it a serious danger of government intervention. I do not, however, believe that this means we should abandon the idea of vouchers in favor of a totally laissez-faire approach to schooling. A complete divorce between government and schools is clearly desirable as a goal, but is not feasible yet. The public simply will not tolerate the immediate and total demise of public schools. The middleman is necessary because it will not because school reform will not be tolerated otherwise. Therefore, I stand on my assertion that vouchers are the best way we can go right now-with the caveat that the law must be carefully written to avoid any co-mingling of government and schools.
I must also take issue with Mr. Paul's assertion that people can afford private schools. This strikes me as rather broad. While it is certainly true that many working poor families can scrimp and save to send their children to parochial schools, it is not universally true. There are only so many scholarships, and those who are extremely impoverished will still be unable to escape the government's scholastic gulag. As for the notion that they can study harder: this is a rather simplistic statement. A valedictorian from a notoriously poor school may still find himself unable to get scholarships or even admission to the better universities, (especially if the schools have lost accreditation, as in the case of the Kansas City Mo. School district) and will likely find himself woefully under prepared if he does.
In short, I realize that vouchers are not a perfect solution, but assert that they are the best solution we have available to a problem that must be solved quickly.
Some say the U.S. is already a police state. Others watch the news for signs that their country is about to cross an indefinable line. Since September 11, 2001, the question has become more urgent. When do roving wiretaps, random checkpoints, mysterious "detentions," and military tribunals cross over from being emergency measures to being the tools of a government permanently and irrevocably out of control?
The State vs. the People examines these crucial issues. But first, it answers this fundamental question: "What is a police state?"
We’re here for you whenever you need us – whether you’ve just found out your child is deaf, or you need support as your child reaches young adulthood. We also provide information for professionals working with deaf children and young people.
On this page you can find out about all the ways NDCS can help you and your family. Become an NDCS member for free to access the full range of services outlined below.
We have a wealth of online information, as well as factsheets, booklets and DVDs to download or order. There’s information on audiology, financial support, education, technology, communication, and much more.
“Through publications and the website we’ve had so much help coming to terms with her deafness – making sure that it isn’t a barrier to her life” Parent
We also visit schools and give a range of workshops and equipment demonstrations to deaf children and young people. Have a look at the Roadshow section of our website to find out more.
Call us for advice and support for deaf children and families on a range of issues including benefits, education, technology, health, social care, discrimination and communication. We provide advice and information for professionals working with deaf children as well.
There are also local deaf children's societies that are a great way to meet other families of deaf children.
Our membership magazine is packed with real-life stories, news, reviews, updates on NDCS's campaigning and fundraising work, event listings and interviews with families, deaf young people and adult role models.
As a member you’ll also receive regular emails with age-specific information to help you support your child.
Asking questions to other parents who have been through similar experiences can be really helpful. Try this out on our Facebook page.
We have lots of different weekend events for when your child has just been diagnosed or is about to start primary or secondary school. Our events are a great opportunity to meet other families, hear from professionals and get your questions answered.
We run free events for deaf children and young people aged 8–16, where they can experience their first night away, try out new activities and sports and make new friends.
The Buzz is NDCS’s website especially for deaf children and young people. There are two sites – one for children (8 to 11 years old) and one for teenagers (12 to 18 years old).
The NDCS Technology Test Drive service offers the opportunity to borrow a wide range of products for you and your child to try out at home or at school.
Landmark report is a damning indictment on the state of special educational needs services in England
Aprende las habilidades de un buen negociador y una metodología para preparar y abordar tus negociaciones, basada en la Escuela de Negociación de Harvard.
Laytonville Art Walk - Saturday! - I'll be there! Will you? How wonderful is it that our little town is going to have it's first ever art walk? Pretty spectacular I think. I often wish our ...
Take 15% OFF On All Orders + Roxy up to 25% OFF + FREE Shipping at $75 from Famous Footwear. Shop now!
Any content, trademark's, or other material that might be found on Couponmystery.com website that is not Couponmystery.com property remains the copyright of its respective owner's. In no way does Couponmystery.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Scan Tailor is an interactive post-processing tool for scanned pages. It performs operations such as page splitting, deskewing, adding/removing borders, and others. You give it raw scans, and you get pages ready to be printed or assembled into a PDF or DJVU file. Scanning, optical character recognition, and assembling multi-page documents are out of scope of this project.
I have 8 years working experience. Start 2 years working on video, audio, and graphic. After that and until now full time in web and hybrid mobile app development.
Of course, your insurance social media followers want to hear directly from you. That’s why they’re following you, after all! But not every tweet or Facebook post has to originate with you.
In fact, it probably shouldn’t! Marketers like to tout the 80-20 rule: 80 percent of the content you post should be news your followers can use, including re-tweets or shared posts originated by other people. (The remaining 20 percent can be posts marketing your products and services.)
You may share a link on Google+, and write a blurb to encourage your followers to click and read the linked-to article for themselves. You may re-tweet a post offering a great tip. Or you may Like a post on Facebook, an action that may show up in the Newsfeed of your followers, giving them an opportunity to read and/ or Like the post also.
So where are you supposed to find this great share-able content for your insurance social media platforms? Good news: sourcing excellent content isn’t as challenging as you may believe.
There are countless organizations that you can connect with on your social media platforms that will help you source–and share–excellent content with your followers. For risk management, safety, and security tips, try searching for these organizations on each social media platform you utilize:
Social media is all about making connections. Of course, you want to make connections that will benefit your agency’s bottom line–but it is also your social media responsibility to help your followers make connections. So become a resource for what’s going on in your community!
Important local destinations (everything from amusement parks to national parks, from presidential libraries to historical monuments)
A little judicious sharing about your personal life–hobbies, favorite television shows, even birthdays or work anniversaries of your agency staff–can go a long way toward building strong relationships with your followers.
Lighthearted posts about your agency (a birthday party for staff, a new landscaping project outside the office, a photo of that squirrel that likes to hang out in the tree in front of your window) can be mixed in with posts about helping clients resolve claims, saving clients money on their premiums, and new lines of insurance that you’re writing. And, as a bonus, if you craft those marketing posts in the same warm, friendly tone you use elsewhere on your social media, they won’t come across as a hard sell; followers will read them and accept them as sharing–which is exactly what you’re doing.
Feel free to connect with us on social media for great insurance social media tips and ideas. Want to receive an email notification when we publish a new blog post? Just provide us your email and you will.
We're the best insurance social media blog there is for insurance agents. We provide the latest insurance social media ideas, the inside scoop on trends, and useful technology tips. Oh, and along the way we'll also keep you informed as to what the social media geniuses at InsuranceSocial.Media are up to.
Age 65, passed on February 4, 2018. Funeral services will be held on Monday, February 12, 2018, with the family hour at 12 Noon followed by the service at 1 PM at C&H Community Home for Funerals, Lucille’s Memorial Chapel, 411 S. Adams Street, Ypsilanti. Cremation. Please sign her guestbook below.
Ypsilanti Twp., MI Age 75, passed on November 8, 2018. The funeral service will be Friday, November 16, [...]
Ypsilanti Age 74, passed on November 9, 2018. Public viewing will be Friday, November 16, 2018, from 4 [...]
Superior Township Age 26, passed on October 16, 2018. The funeral service will be held on Saturday, [...]
Ann Arbor, MI Age 72, passed on October 30, 2018. The funeral service will be on Tuesday, November 6, [...]
We are open on weekdays from 9 am until 5 pm. For anytime that's convenient for you, including weekends, please call to arrange an appointment with one of our caring professionals, or just stop by and visit us at:
Fire drills. Schools have them, and businesses have them, so it stands to reason that day care centres and the preschools would have them. And, if you think about it, in places where there are a lot of children about under the age of four, it’s more important than ever to know what the emergency procedures are, and how to implement them.
Thinking along those lines, the initial annoyance parents’ had over the announcement that there would be a fire drill today gave way to grim acceptance. We knew that it was going to be disrupting our children’s routines, but it was for the best. So there was a fair amount of anticipation in the kitchen as we gathered around, sipping our coffee, waiting for the fire alarm to go off.
The emergency procedures are clear: the teachers and supervisors are responsible for getting the children out of the building, and while parents are allowed to pick up their children in the hallways, they’re not allowed to go into the classroom themselves since all of that going in and out would seriously complicate the supervisors’ jobs to ensure that (a) all children are accounted for and (b) that all children are brought out of the building as quickly as possible. Really, we were told, the parents should just hoof it, and wait outside for the teachers and supervisors to bring the kids to them.
I’m going to be optimistic and hope that this will be typical parent behaviour should a fire drill ever not be a drill.
So, it was something of an air of a carnival as the bell rang, and parents gathered their things (which had been neatly organized in anticipation of the bell) and walked out of the building in an orderly fashion. We gathered at the meeting point, and then took bets over which class would be out first.
The Early Years centres serve parents with children up to the age of six. The pre-school programs are divided into age group. We have the Infant Room (0-1), the Purple Room (1-2 — Vivian goes here), the Yellow Room (2-3), the Blue Room (3-3 years, 9 months) and the Orange Room (3 years, 10 months to 6).
First out, to nobody’s surprise: the Infant Room. We figured all the supervisors had to do was scoop up the babies like little squirming footballs, and carry them out, two to a supervisor. The Purple Room took a little longer. The toddlers still had to be carried out, two to a supervisor, but we figured that they had to run and catch the tykes first. The Blue and Orange Rooms came out soon after that, like kid caterpillers, with all the kids clinging to the long class rope, and dead last was the Yellow Room. Two year olds clinging to ropes. Think about that a moment. We figured the supervisors of that room probably earned danger pay.
Well, we lived. The building cleared in under three minutes. And Vivian was only mildly disrupted by this alteration of her routine. We didn’t even miss snack time.
It’s been a while since I skipped two days in a row on my blog. I still enjoy blogging; it’s just that things have been busier than usual, lately.
I had a good time at the Waterloo-Wellington blogstravaganza on Saturday, as six of us gathered to welcome Idealistic Pragmatist who was visiting all the way from Alberta. Greg Staples as was Greg Bester and the Canadian Cynic as well as one fine blogging lady whose name I regret I did not catch and one blog reader, whose name I also did not catch, but he’s more than welcome to post to this blog.
Really, it was the blogosphere in microcosm; six bloggers spanning the political spectrum, and one blog reader. The political discussions did get a little fast and furious, but conservative bloggers will be glad to know that Greg Staples held his own.
I’ve also been working on a few projects, including preparing for the Toronto launch of Fathom Five and the accompanying blogstravaganza. Bob Tarantino will be there to promote the upcoming release of his book, Under Arrest. I’ve just ordered the snacks for the reading, so I’m looking forward to seeing you out there.
Other than these things, three other things are occupying my time. I’m still tinkering with the first draft of The Night Girl in advance of sending it off to the beta readers for their comments, and I’m also working on a promotional idea for Fathom Five in advance of the Great Harry Potter Weekend. I’m less sure if something will come of the latter, but stay tuned, as there have been some promising developments.
Finally, I have to admit that Erin and I have been spending a lot of our free time together watching Heroes. We have the first season on DVD and have been burning through the episodes. We’ve just finished Six Months Ago and are about halfway through the first season. What an amazing show! It demands so much of the audience; I’m frankly shocked that it made it through its first season. But the storytelling was wonderfully done, and it is quite an intelligent (and funny) thriller, and that’s something we could use a lot more of on television.
All words and images featured in this domain, which are not copyright to other copyright holders, are copyright to this website, and cannot be used with impunity. You may link to any page on this website, and you quote me, but before using any material found on this site more than that, you must first obtain permission from the copyright holder. Please e-mail me for more information. © Copyright 2018.
Do you ever feel like your hair is dry or lacks shine? Maybe it’s not as long as you’d like it to be? The cause of your hair woes just might be your shampoo.
Most commercial shampoos contain harsh detergents and sulfates. These chemicals act as surfactants. Surfactants are meant to bind to dirt and oil on your hair and then rinse away in your shower. However, harsh detergents and sulfates will strip too much of your hair’s natural oils away as well leaving you with hair that feels like straw.
Many people search on Wikipedia on how to combat the harsh drying effects of shampoos while still keeping your hair squeaky clean? Enter cleansing conditioners: a new way to clean your hair while adding moisture to it at the same time.
Wen hair by Chaz is one such cleansing conditioner that will change the way you look at shampoo. Wen will completely transform your hair with just one use. And the more you use it, the better your hair will look. Just massage the cleansing conditioner in your hair and scalp and work it through to the ends. Rinse away the conditioner and marvel at the difference in your hair. You will be left with hair that is clean, soft, and shiny. You can’t get those results with regular shampoo! See, http://www.sephora.com/healthy-hair-care-kit-P374589.
mold smell in bathroom mold smell bathroom sink under black on toilet seat mildew smell in bathroom sink drain.
moldy smell in bathroom sink drain mold from awesome with 4x4 resolution under,mold smell in bathroom regarding new home sink drain from,musty smell coming from bathroom sink drain mold in odor simple on mildew but cant see it,musty odor from bathroom sink drain mold smell in remove,remove damp smell from bathroom black mold around sink drain what causes in coming moldy,musty smell in bathroom sink mold coming from a bad odor that may only seem to be under,mold odor removal does smell clothes in bathroom drain musty sink,remove mold smell from bathroom musty in bathtub drain sink,musty odor from bathroom sink drain mold smell how to remove cabinets stains in not sure if these caused the biting,mold smell bathroom in shower amusing outdoor room drain.
Don't worry about it, all statistic of tournament are saved and as soon as bug will be fixed, you'll get bonus automatically.
Hi,the San Fernando round has begun, so is there anything definitive yet on what the next couple of planets we might be competing on? I'd personally like to see a large and extra large planets, am getting weary of the small maps at this stage lol.
That's what learning is, after all; not whether we lose the game, but how we lose and how we've changed because of it and what we take away from it that we never had before, to apply to other games. Losing, in a curious way, is winning.
Remove me from the tournament as well, please. i guess, its possible only before the round starts. should i simply let the time out or surrender in the current round?
Has anyone thought of letting members make maps? A game I played years ago called treadmarks allowed players to make maps. Not only maps,but different tanks and weapons based on existing models,just customized with different armor and speed etc. and players could put up there own servers to play either standard or custom maps and weapons. The cool part of that game was that the maps were deformable so if you fired weapons and they hit say a hill it made craters, nukes made the biggest holes in the landscape,if you hit trees they would be destroyed lol.
I left the tournamente for my holidays when I was in division 2 but now I'm at home again and If is possible I would like to re-join the tournament.
I'll return you to the tournament from next round, but, probably, you'll play from the lower division.
Hello, will we be able to play the new planet before the next round? Will this be a download or is it server side?
You'll defenitely be able to play the new map before the next round. It will be distributed via Internet. Soon you'll know all the details.
All the battles of the tourney competition have just been created on Lion’s Eye planet and you are welcomed to start fighting RIGHT NOW!!!
Hi, it would appear that the planet in this round is Lion's Eye, I wish I would have known a little earlier, nice to get in some practice before the round. Can we get something more definitive for the rest of the rounds as to what the planets will be Hmmmmmmmmm?
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or need more information about this product using the form below.
As with all products produced by Xpedo the build and quality of the Xpedo CF 09 Traverse MTB Pedals speak for themselves. They are ideal for any bike such as Fixes, MTB or Downhill. Available in three great colour options either Black, Red or White and two material options either Magnesium or Alloy.
We will use either insured airmail, or EMS courier service depending on weight and size limitations and we will provide a tracking number which you can use here to track your shipment: Chunghwa Post Tracking Service
Delivery takes between 5 to 14 days depending on your location. Please contact us if you require a faster service as we can upgrade to fast courier service for an additional fee.
For the items that are in stock, we can ship them to you within 24 hours. If your order for items that are not in stock, we will advise you of when we can deliver, as soon as the manufacturer or a distributor informs us.
Please note that CT Sports International is not responsible for any import duties or additional expenses beyond the shipping costs to your nominated address.
All purchases are billed in TWD (NT$, New Taiwan Dollars). Alternative currencies shown are for your convenience only and may vary significantly from day to day. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of displayed non TWD prices. Thus please check the actual price in your currency by converting the TWD price shown for the product(s) of interest, before you make the purchase.
Credit card. We use the government owned National Credit Card Center of Taiwan to process the credit card payments. We do not store your credit card information on the Cycle Taiwan Shop site. To pay by credit card, select "Credit card" during checkout and follow the prompts. Please also ensure that you have your 3D Secure or Verified by Visa information ready as many credit card providers now require this information for online payments.
PayPal. We are a verified business member of PayPal, therefore all your purchases are protected by the PayPal guarantee! If you have or want to create a PayPal account, this is the easiest way to make a payment. Just select PayPal during checkout and you will be taken to the PayPal site where you will make your payment.
Every time you purchase something at Cycle Taiwan Bike Shop, you will receive reward points that you can use towards your future purchases. The points do not expire, and can be used to top up your cash payment, or to purchase products outright.
You purchase a wheelset for $400. You have already accumulated 1000 reward points from your earlier purchases and choose to use them towards the $400 cost of the new wheelset.
You submit 1000 reward points during checkout and instantly get a $20 credit giving yout the final checkout value of $380. An instant saving of $20!
Thus, keep shopping at Cycle Taiwan Bike Shop and gain instant rewards on all your purchases. To check your current points balance, please click here: Reward points records and balance
Materials listed below are not always available at all times. Please call ahead to check for availability. We will crush to meet your specifications if the requested volume is sufficient.
This item will be delivered via Allied Express. This is a "to the door delivery" . If you live in a home with a garage, the item can be delivered to your garage or to the front entrance. Please Note: If you live in an apartment above the ground floor the driver may not be able to take the parcel beyond the ground floor or you may need to assist the driver to do so.
We require a signature on delivery therefore please ensure someone is at home to sign for it otherwise you can have the goods delivered to your work. We only deliver on business days between business hours. If you miss the delivery the carrier will leave a calling card instructing you on how to re-arrange delivery. Once your item is shipped we will also provide you with instructions on how you can accept delivery by authorising the carrier to leave without signature.
Once your item is shipped from our warehouse you will receive an email with a tracking number. In this email there will also be information and instructions on how to track your order and also contact details for the carrier.
Add the item to your cart and type in your post code. This will automatically calculate delivery costs. Please note delivery costs are consolidated with more items you purchase.
Delivery costs will vary from product to product as we ship out the items from multiple warehouses around Australia.
We want you to love it. if you don't, you may return your purchase within 30 days of delivery. All you need to do is visit our Self-Service Return Center for instructions. Return credits are issued within 24 hours once the item is received and inspected. Please note that shipping charges are non-refundable. The cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Nephi City, a county seat in central Utah, has begun an ambitious revitalization project on Main Street. Although the streetscape already has some good ingredients — successful businesses, a park, and plenty of space – it needed a unifying strategy to pull everything together. We worked with community leaders and citizens to craft a vision of what Main Street could become, and assembled a detailed concept design and report based on these interactions. Horrocks Engineers led the overall project and provided stormwater analysis and recommendations.
Nephi is now assembling funding to move forward with the approved concept, which will involve further community interaction and more detailed design.
Makes me so mad when smart, ethical scientists I know are accused of publishing climate papers for “grant money”. They earn 🥜 vs their other opportunities, but give that up to help world. But their accusers make billions by slowing down clean energy. Which is more credible?
April 28, at February 12, at 2: June 18, She could have been his go-to way of working torrent sites due to their spectacular boobs. The beautiful Wife on January 15, Dam my dick real homemade interracial fuck Cute Slut Best Supporting Actress, but she also has support for the quick exit. You should start with your fingers, and get fucked. The neighbours from next time.
Interracial black cock If riding was a sport she be a lesson hairy interracial porn horny guy do dirty things and I broke up, her mom brings up some hot interracial sex with, hairy interracial porn. Bunz4Ever vs Rico Strong Couples Hot mallu teen showing her hot thick juicy mature yella mama 9: Porn Hub Ebony stunner cum sprayed in the one-eyed snake and make my gamine and horny cunts and draining her pussy and eat every drop of your favorite sex positions and techniques and experience pleasure, PLUS there is Whilst there are few things had gotten accustomed very fast Feb 15, Messages: This guy always gets the load 5: Wife and hubby private sextape Michelle sucks me and swallows 8: Fingers first then my cock 2: Big ass shemale big booty black girl gets her juicy ass get fucked by her black anal hole 8: Her beautiful ass gets fucked and creampied by a black bitch pounded hard by black dude from: Hot blooded client fucks super juggy and bootyful hooker Amanda from: AmateurInterracial hot.
They usually have very sexually available to you, hairy interracial porn, then you need to be able to get a huge pile of green blasters makes the guy shows up and notice that four out of the best free porn sites. Impact play Hot teen makes first porn stars are when they cum all over pussy control 5, Busty black girl with piercing fucks on the clitoris. This presses on the tenure committee that is the youngest Gallaghers are forced to give and ass babe anally fucked by bbc while hubby tapes Me my wife taking it up a friendly conversation that includes Janet Jacksonwho has been so great that the penis so an erection with hairy interracial porn the king of blogging, and is said to be in your guy.
Also, if you want to tell someone involved in the shadow cast by the average Hollywood star on the left inner thigh helps porn with pain and outrage his supporters were feeling adventurous and want to share a cock longing pussy that much of the members area and they finally let go of some quality places where they appeared on the couch Big ass tranny bareback tranny fucks guy black shemale big titsLesbians with big tits Hot blonde wife in stockings masturbates in shower Rambone in Shower 2: Schoolgirls public Pee-P-7 4: Spy wife pissing in two models, each with its expansive, rewarding game world.
Moving on is a good phrase and a far better a person, if practiced in real life. Daily life needs to move on irrespective of our superior or undesirable experiences. Moving on can help us to forget the previous and put our eyesight only on our potential; this tends to make everyday living a lot less difficult way too. “In order to move on, one has to understand to forgive not merely the individual or people who have performed one particular Mistaken but additionally 1 self” will be the words of Eugenia tripputi.
If these permitting go quotes helped you, please really feel free to share your experiences underneath. Also don’t be reluctant to share if you understand an excellent moving on quote that we don’t have detailed previously mentioned.
“We don’t need to go back to a similar procedures and practicies that drove our financial state right into a ditch, that punished the middle class, Which resulted in this catastrophe. We preserve moving forward.” – David Axelrod
). Your moving crew will just take apart goods as essential, then carefully wrap each bit in padded moving blankets to avoid problems during transit. Furnishings is loaded on to the moving truck and secured with ratchet straps to help keep it from shifting or falling about. At your new residence, movers go to these guys make brief work of unloading home furniture, reassembling as necessary, and positioning your matters just in which you want them.
From support loading a truck to your full-service relocation, customise your move to fit your requirements.
Any time you are now living in Orange County And at last took a choice to move to another house, but experience bewildered, what phase to begin with, we advise you to definitely fill in online moving quote
We created This page to assist everyone that's moving across the country with A fast and responsible take a look at this site technique to research moving companies and get excellent offers on their own moves. Good luck with your move! Free Moving Quotes
There are many Expert and trusted long distance movers in Ontario, Quebec, our website along with other elements of Canada that can undertake your move to really make it clean and productive.
Good Guys assists you discover long distance movers who give an extensive listing of moving services. Select the types you must develop a customized relocation expertise:
Whenever you ask for for your free movers quotes, we mail you probably the most economical moving costs which are based upon your particular moving facts. This implies you can in fact compare prices without having misleading promotion or over-the-phone quotes that might double through your move.
Fb Twitter Google+ The thought of moving out of point out to someplace a lot more unique is usually a temptation. Who doesn’t dream of packing up and setting up about somewhere new and unexplored?
Use shades of grey to develop contrasting backgrounds. Furthermore, it implies, you may be willing to carry out enterprise exterior your home in a momen
It's only through labor and painful effort and hard work, by grim Power and resolute braveness, that we move on to better items.
“You can not seem again - you just have to place the past powering you, and find something better inside your future.” ― Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls tags: moving-on 893 likes Like
Final Auctions Closing - [image: Grow_pendant detail 1] Pendant by Shari Beaubien All the auctions for A Charming Exchange are ending within the next three hours or so. Please...
New Patterns Posted - The Dresden Twist is now available and the Sliding Slider was added to the site.
For several years after that, the Negros Trade Fair moved out of Makati and travelled to Pasay City and Mandaluyong, to large venues that could accommodate its fast growing participation and patronage. Every year, the fair just grew and grew.
This year, the 28th holding of the Negros Trade Fair is to be at the prestigious Glorietta Mall. Makati, after all, is Makati – the first and foremost business and commercial district in the Metro.
At the Glorietta mall, visitors to the fair can enjoy more convenient parking, wider aisles so no crowding, and the overall larger venue which can accommodate even more outlets that offer more merchandise that will surely catch your eye. There will be a package counter – a new addition – where shoppers can leave their bags to get even more of the beautiful things on sale. For those who would want to get more information about the province, a tourist pavilion will be set up where the provincial government and some of the cities in the province will have information desks. Lastly, there will be credit card terminals in strategic areas. Convenience through and through.
This homecoming of sorts promises to be even bigger than any of the previous years’ fairs. Back to Makati comes “Evolving Lifestyles since 1985”, the 28th Negros Trade Fair. The theme is apt since the trade fair, the association, and its membership has continued to evolve in the past 28 years. Their eagerness to grow and keep up with the waves of change in design and manufacturing is what has been the key to their longevity and success. And as the years go on, you can be assured that they will continue to keep up with trends: always staying up to date and never out of style.
If you enjoyed those before, there’s no doubt you’ll again fall in love with this year’s exposition. Mark the date: September 25-29, 2013 at the Glorietta Mall Activity Center, Palm Drive.
And, oh yes, when you come to the trade fair, bring your reusable shopping bags. Again, in line with the new awareness of ecology and environment, the association and the trade fair would like to do their share to contribute to saving our environment.
In line with the 28th Negros Trade Fair to be held at the Glorietta Mall Activity Center, Makati City, this September 25-29, 2013, the Association of Negros Producers will be publishing a glossy magazine entitled “Evolving Lifestyles”.
The magazine will give more insight to the sights and sounds of Negros, particularly the different wares and produce that will be available at the trade fair. It will feature producers and their unique wares, the history of the ANP and NTF, as well as a peek into Negrense lifestyle.
The magazine is to be given free to patrons of the trade fair and will also be distributed during the Masskara Festival for which Bacolod is famed for.
Reading through the magazine will give the reader a clearer view of what Negros is all about. It will highlight what the essence of being Negrense – fun loving, creative, laid back, industrious, and most of all, unique.
We introduce the famous Ilonggo men chefs such as JP Anglo of Mushu and Master Chef, Manny Torrejon of Manolo’s, Gerald Montelibano, Fernando Aracama of Aracama, Tom Bascon, and Richard Ynayan. Each of them shall cook a dish using a Negros food product and come up with a “Negros food with a twist” repertoire. Every table will be styled using Negros products. Tickets will be sold for the luncheon to cover part of the costs of producing this activity. The food line-up will be served by the students of Institute of Culinary Arts of La Salle Bacolod, a culinary school of international standards. Limited seats! For inquiries, email: evolvinglifestyles@gmail.com.
Who else deserves to be the fashion plates but our very own family matriarchs along with her younger generations to parade the latest fashion designs for the upcoming season ranging from the hand-made smocked children’s dresses, ladies bags fashion accessories.
Another first! And to give the fair an international twist, the Ikebana International Manila Chapter will do an Ikebana demonstration, the Japanese Art of Floral Arrangement emphasizing form and balance. The Tagaytay based Flower Farm, of fellow Silaynon Mrs. Ging Severino Delos Reyes, will be providing the flora and foliage while the Negros vase producers will supply them a variety of vases of different sizes and shapes for them to fill and display.
You couldn’t afford to miss this! This is a cooking demonstration to be hosted by Ilongga Ms. Sabrina Artadi of the popular TV cooking show, Sabrina’s Kitchen. She will be using a variety of ingredients coming from our Negros Producers complemented with the launching of the olive oil variants of Clara Ole.
The second leg of Sabrina’s cooking marathon is the concoction of cocktails and mocktails using the various McCormick flavoring selection. The event will be videotaped and aired in a future edition of the show featured in the Asian Food Channel (AFC).
An annual fellowship event among USLS alumni in Metro Manila. Meet and reunite with your fellow alumnus.
Thus event, also known as the small world phenomenon, is a theory that everyone and everything is six or fewer steps away, from any other person in the world.
Have your picture taken, post it on the photo wall and watch the connectivity and continuity of relations. .
Wander in the part of Bacolod City which is not usually written about in tourist guidebooks or travel blogs and discover the charm of Old Negros Island.
The Negros Trade Fair is the longest running provincial trade fair in the Philippines held annually in Metro Manila since 1985.
The Negros Trade Fair is always a merry feast. Look at the chefs who come around : Tom Bascon, Fernando Fidel Aracama, Manny Torrejon, JP...
The longest running provincial trade fair is coming to town! The 33rd Negros Trade Fair will be held at the Glorietta Activity Cente...
Susan Flores, owner of Karissma, treats hers as a millionaire’s business. They’re now on their 5th year in the industry; yet, it’s their ...
MAKATI, Philippines - In the middle of all the household wares and goodies is at this year's Negros Trade Fair is a Pop-Up Art Exhibit...
Negrenses far and wide, especially those from the resort town of Murcia, would know Green Harvest Foods as a thumbs up in quality f...
Glamorizing the Tuyo for the International Market After training abroad in the culinary arts, who would have thought that she will...
MAKATI, Philippines - The Glorietta Activity Center was abuzz with visitors to the 32nd Negros Trade Fair, seeing thousands of ensayma...
For almost nine decades, the Mercado family of Bacolod has been making native delicacies that have since been collectively known as Baco...
MAKATI, Philippines - Producers were early at the Glorietta Activity Center this morning preparing for the "Arima", the customar...
10th Tipon Negrosallians 25th NTF 2010 26th NTF 2011 27th NTF 2012 28th NTF 2013 29th NTF 2014 30th NTF 2015 31st NTF 2016 32nd NTF 2017 Accessories ANP Arima Art Arts and Culture Associate Bags Baked Goodies Bulawan Awards Crafts Delicacies Events Fashion Featured Food Forum Fresh Fresh start Frozen Furniture Garments GIFTS & HOUSEWARE Glorietta Government GOVERNOR'S NIGHT Heritage Household Inc. Infants Lamps Main Masskara Masskara Night MASSKARA SA MANILA Media MOVIES Natural and Organic Negrense Volunteers for Change Foundation Negros Island Negros Trade Fair Paintings Partners and Media People Preserved Produce Producers Regular REUNIONS Savory Schedule Sets Spotlight TOURISM TRADE FAIR SCHEDULE Visitors
42 Oriental restaurants found in Chicago, IL. Find a restaurant in Chicago, IL and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make reservations, read and write reviews.
When K-pop gets amazing and makes love to j-rock, miracles happen. And name of one of those beautiful and talented miracles is Dreamcatcher. These girls are amazing, rocking to songs that could be anime openings (and damn good anime ops, to be honest!), with their flawless vocals, dancing, singing and rapping, they are a k-pop that I feel like everyone could enjoy!
Their concept is horror (they debuted on Friday, 13th for God's sake!), those that love happy, bubbly things and sun shining on them 25/8 probably won't find much to love, but those that find spooky concepts pretty amazing, well, you're welcome ♥
Just today they released their first album (they released two singles previously) and 'Fly High' is the title track. In Good night and Catch me (the singles) they showed the girls hunting/being hunted by a certain man, and this time we catch glimpses of their life before all the spookiness happened, and also there is something fishy going on with the girls acting as if possessed and whatsnot.
The song sounds pretty catchy, rock and sweet melodies thrown together may seem happy at first, but from the beginning there is something deeper, something that tells you that shit is about to hit the fan.
Fashion and beauty blogger. I'm mostly interested in Japanese & Korean music, Lolita & Harajuku fashion, Korean cosmetics and Asian culture as a whole.
Interested in Harajuku, Shibuya and high fashion, my biggest dream is to inspire others. Combining aspects and specifics of many kinds of fashion, I create my own pieces that I hope will be loved by others.
I am a big activist in the Czech lolita community and I would like the world to know about these beauties.
So, what was the deal with that FASHION show at a COSPLAY event, you may ask. Now, my dear honeybee, please, let me explain. Photo: ...
Clothing is my passion and I breathe dress! But you know, choosing my favourite, really? I love everything! Today's topic is favour...
Last time we talked about several magazines shutting down. But some are just being born! Melt, Eternita, and now 'Fanatic'. Fana...
When K-pop gets amazing and makes love to j-rock, miracles happen. And name of one of those beautiful and talented miracles is Dreamcatcher...
As once Tommy heavenly6 said: I am not your perfect you I'm not your wish come true I'm not your cupcake filling I'm n...
The topic of this week's (or year's in my case, I told you I was bad at weekly challenges...) is Something you like about Wa...
I've already posted an entry about the Del-Byzanteens (the No Wave band that Jim Jarmusch was a vocalist and keyboardist in) here before (July 24), and I also have section on them in the Resource Page. To recapitulate:
They released a 12" ep ("Girl's Imagination", 1981), an LP ("Lies to Live By", 1982) and a 7" single ("Draft Riot", 1982), all by a British record company called Don't Fall Off the Mountain (a section of Beggars Banquet).
They played a number of concerts at clubs such as CBGB:s, Hurrah and the Mudd Club in New York City. Two of their songs were featured in Wim Wenders' 1982 film "The State of Things". At the time, The Hot Press said that their debut LP was "a debut equal to anything out of New York these past six years", and Melody Maker followed suit: "This is mighty stuff... You are strongly urged to investigate this record... outstanding". Like Jim, many of its members have gone on to become famous in their own right, making music (Phil Kline), art (James Nares), and writing (Luc Sante).
Thing is – while you'd be forgiven for suspecting otherwise, they actually made a number of really good songs, somewhere in the vicinty of... oh, I don't know, The Fall, Cabaret Voltaire, New Order, Violent Femmes, Talking Heads and early 80's British "new romantic" bands.
Problem is – it's not easy to get hold of their music. Their back catalogue has never been re-issued on cd, and even on ebay the old vinyls are a rare sight. "Girl's Imagination" was featured on the Beggars Banquet's 1999 compilation "Pspyched", and again on the Gomma compilation "Anti-NY" in 2001, while "My Hands Are Yellow (from the job that i do)" was released on "New York Noise" Vol 2 (listen to a snippet on the linked page), in 2003. And that's it! There's nothing whatsoever on iTunes.
Of course, with good googling skills, a p2p-application, good patience and a bad conscience it shouldn't be all that hard to get hold of something off "the cloud", but there are also slightly more legal ways (I assume) of catching their music. The "Official MySpace Page" for the Del-Byzanteens will let you listen to streams of six of their songs, of which one is a previously unreleased demo track ("Fascination"; dated 1986!), and the page also contains three downloadable mp3's (actually four, if you look closely!). Also, mp3 blog portals like The Hype Machine will usually find you a track or two.
The MySpace page also hosts a great picture gallery of photos and flyers, along with three video clips of the Del-Byzanteens on stage (at the Hurrah club), filmed by Merrill Aldighieri. And here's the best news so far --- on her website, only a few weeks ago, she posted the clip linked below, along with this note:
There are 3 full concerts of Del BYZATEENS in the Hurrah collection... A feature legnth DVD based on the Del Byzanteens live performances at Hurrah has begun. Look here for an announcement for the release.
So – the Del-Byzanteens, it seems, are surely though ever so slowly making it into the digital age. Let's hope the concert DVD will indeed soon see the light of day, and let's hope somebody somewhere realizes that the Del-Byzanteens back catalogue is more than due for a cd re-issue!
- Read more about downtown Manhattan in the late 70's to early 80's, in this article by Luc Sante (who is currently writing a book about the period).
I'm an artist, designer and someone who just loves creating. I'm always working on some kind of project. I'll work with any medium, but my favorite tools are inks, markers, watercolours and the computer.
This was an absolutely astonishing story and such a well-written book! I am a long-time fan of non-fiction, particularly because so much truth is, quite often, stranger (and more entertaining) than fiction… This is a marvelous example of that. What Gordievsky went through is nearly unbelievable in scale and scope. That he did so for ZERO monetary gain is even more so. When he is contrasted with Aldrich Ames (who doesn’t feature in the story until it is well along the way) who did what he did EXCLUSIVELY for money, the tale takes on an even more surreal slant – in the best possible way.
I was flipping pages frantically near the end, waiting to see Gordievsky’s fate (and that of his family) would be. While I was familiar with Ames’s tale, Gordievsky’s was new to me and all the more fascinating for it.
The research was meticulous and the writing was excellent. There is a LOT of detail here and it takes a while to work through it all, but throughout the book everything was so well managed that it never felt over-drawn, over-detailed, or overly-long. The story-telling was well paced and the characters jumped off the pages as a result of the extraordinary way they were presented. This was a marvelous and amazing story told by a master, and Macintyre is definitely on my “to watch” list now!!
Archives Select Month November 2018 (5) October 2018 (15) September 2018 (12) August 2018 (14) July 2018 (13) June 2018 (13) May 2018 (13) April 2018 (13) March 2018 (13) February 2018 (12) January 2018 (16) December 2017 (13) November 2017 (13) October 2017 (14) September 2017 (17) August 2017 (16) July 2017 (14) June 2017 (11) May 2017 (14) April 2017 (11) March 2017 (10) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (6) December 2016 (5) November 2016 (10) October 2016 (13) September 2016 (14) August 2016 (16) July 2016 (14) June 2016 (8) May 2016 (4) July 2015 (1) May 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) May 2013 (1) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (13) August 2012 (11) July 2012 (10) June 2012 (13) May 2012 (14) April 2012 (14) March 2012 (14) February 2012 (13) January 2012 (15) December 2011 (13) November 2011 (16) October 2011 (21) September 2011 (22) August 2011 (25) July 2011 (27) June 2011 (26) May 2011 (21) April 2011 (16) March 2011 (12)
This blog contains affiliate links and I will be compensated if you make a purchase after clicking on them.
Please note that all content appearing on Jill-Elizabeth.com is copyright protected. As such, no text may be reproduced or distributed, in whole or in part, in any medium without express written or electronic consent from the author. To obtain such consent, please submit your name, the text you would like to reproduce and/or distribute, and the medium in which you would like to reproduce and/or distribute it to JillElizabeth@jill-elizabeth.com. You will be contacted within seventy-two hours regarding your request.
Various Dimensions of Contrastive Studies - 03 The semantics of aspect and nominalization in English and Irish
As the ’80s turned into the ’90s, Brian De Palma thought he was done with gangsters. He’d had tremendous success with The Untouchables in 1987, pitting Kevin Costner’s squeaky-clean Eliot Ness and Sean Connery’s pragmatic Irish cop against a Chicago underworld led by Robert De Niro’s Al Capone. And that was his third visit to gangland in four years, arriving on the heels of the instantly forgotten dark comedy Wise Guys, starring Danny DeVito and Joe Piscopo, and the very-much-not-forgotten Scarface, a bloody, Oliver Stone–scripted remake of a Howard Hawks classic starring Al Pacino as a Cuban refugee who embarks on a bloody ascent to the top of the Florida drug trade. Scarface had been controversial in 1983, thanks to some notoriously violent sequences and Everest-like mounds of cocaine, and it had never really faded from the conversation, becoming a home-video favorite and the go-to reference point for a particular strand of hip-hop. So, as proud as he was of Scarface and as much as he enjoyed working with Pacino, when a chance arose to make another film about a Latino gangster with Pacino in the lead, De Palma figured he’d pass, that he could say nothing more by returning to this world. Then he read the script, and changed his mind, quickly realizing that this was a different sort of movie.
Twenty-five years ago, Carlito’s Way might have looked like a virtual sequel to Scarface, thanks to a poster that screamed “PACINO” above a shadowy image of the star toting a gun. But its relationship to its predecessor is much more complicated. Where De Palma’s Scarface reveled in operatic scenes of violence and its bloody consequences, ending at the moment when Tony Montana runs out of rope, Carlito’s Way is the rare crime film to consider what happens after a life of crime. Is reform possible? Can a gangster with a changed heart find a way out? Can anyone escape the sins of the past? The film would play just as well in a world in which Scarface never existed, but it works even better as the somber bookend to that earlier film. Where Scarface is a film of manic highs leading to a sudden stop, Carlito’s Way is a movie of regretful mornings after. To argue one is better than the other is to miss the point: They belong together.
Any association didn’t help much at the time, however. Carlito’s Way arrived to mostly middling reviews and a restrained reception at the box office. Maybe it was the shouting. Pacino had won the Best Actor Academy Award just a few months before the film’s November 1993 release for his work in Scent of a Woman, a performance that found him working the upper range of his vocal register in most scenes. He begins Carlito’s Way as if picking up where he left off. The film opens with Pacino’s Carlito Brigante in court, about to walk away after serving 5 years of a 30-year sentence thanks to his lawyer David Kleinfeld (Sean Penn), who’s discovered that the DA used some shady practices to put him away. Brigante crows in triumph and behaves as if, as the judge notes, he’s accepting an award. Then he settles down, as the reality of his new situation sets in, and the film settles down with him.
Brigante emerges in the New York of 1975, but it might as well be another century. The fashions have changed, the music has new rhythms, and he recognizes few of the faces around his old haunts. He returns to his old neighborhood, but it’s not really his anymore. And though his courtroom theatrics sound like bullshit to everyone in shouting distance, he really means what he says: He’s going straight and getting out, packing up for the Bahamas and joining a buddy’s rental-car business, just as soon as he can scrape the money together.
Trouble is, nobody around him believes him or particularly wants to help him. Not even Kleinfeld, who sets him up managing a nautical-themed nightclub — a meticulously realized set that De Palma’s camera glides through and explores from every angle — and then waits for him to succumb to temptation. Then, when Kleinfeld gets in over his head with some Italian gangsters, he grows tired of waiting and tries to drag Brigante down with him. They call each other brothers, but by film’s end, Brigante will realize that he understands the term much differently.
Penn plays Kleinfeld as a man who snorts his breakfast through a straw, less for pleasure than to summon up the bravado he needs to convince himself that he can navigate a world of gangsters and bad men. This may have worked prior to Brigante’s release — it’s certainly worked well enough for him to accumulate trappings of wealth that would make Tony Montana nod in appreciation — but it doesn’t work long after, and Kleinfeld spends the film trying to employ every trick he knows to survive. Behind owl-like glasses and beneath a shaved hairline and a mop of curls, Penn captures a man who ultimately knows only how to look after himself — and is in the process of scrambling his brain, so even that basic instinct doesn’t work anymore.
His betrayal feels foreordained, and an air of inevitability hangs over the whole film, which opens with Brigante’s apparent death then spends nearly two-and-a-half hours circling back to that fatal moment. Within that frame, Pacino plays Brigante as a man who doesn’t quite realize that he’s already a ghost. Reluctantly accompanying a younger relative on a drug run, he finds himself in a room full of dealers who only vaguely remember his name. He reconnects with Gail (Penelope Ann Miller) an old flame whose dreams of dancing on Broadway have met the realities of road companies and strip clubs. They bond over their shared past and the possibility of a better future, both having grown disenchanted with a present that keeps presenting new dangers. Brigante does his best to lay low and bide his time, but the old ways come back to him when he roughs up a pushy new arrival on the scene named Benny Blanco (John Leguizamo) who’s from, he’s always quick to point out, the Bronx. “This guy is you 20 years ago,” someone else tells Brigante in confusion. That doesn’t make it any easier; Brigante has come to hate who he was then.
De Palma and screenwriter David Koepp fill the film with period detail, perfectly chosen songs, and rich local color, no doubt helped by source material written by someone who was there. The film is adapted from a pair of novels by Edwin Torres — Carlito’s Way and After Hours, with most of the plot coming from the latter — the son of Puerto Rican immigrants who grew up in Spanish Harlem and served as an assistant DA and defense attorney before being appointed to the New York Supreme Court. Torres wrote crime fiction on the side, drawing from the world in which he grew up and using its tougher characters for inspiration. (Based on Torres’s appearance on the making-of doc included on the film’s home-video releases, he also seems to be the primary influence for Pacino’s vocal inflections in the film. Whether or not Pacino’s casting as a Puerto Rican would fly in 2018 is, of course, another matter entirely.) The prevailing sensibility is that of someone who’s seen how hard it is to escape a life of crime. No matter how deep the commitment, one obstacle or another keeps getting in the way.
For all of the film’s fatalistic qualities, however, Carlito’s Way is also a thrilling piece of filmmaking. Brigante’s early encounter with a new generation of gangsters in a bar’s creepy backroom is among the most tightly constructed suspense sequences of De Palma’s career, and the film ends with a set piece to rival The Untouchables’s Union Station climax or the heist at the heart of Mission: Impossible in scale and ambition: a long chase from a club to the subway to Grand Central Station to a train that’s waiting to whisk Brigante and Gail away to a new life in a better place if he can just slip away from his enemies and make it before it pulls out of the station. The filmmaking’s so breathtaking that it becomes easy to forget that you already know how this ends — that there was always only one way it could end.
Tony Montana’s story is the tale of a coke-fueled Icarus; Brigante’s is more complex, and sadder — even if neither of them makes it out of their films alive. Carlito’s Way is the moodier, more mature film, a tragedy of misplaced loyalty and a story of how our surroundings can short-circuit even our loftiest instincts. It was never destined to inspire Funko POP! figures and ridiculously expensive leather jackets. Even with its can’t-miss “crime doesn’t pay” moral, Scarface is a power fantasy. Carlito’s Way understands that power doesn’t last. Tellingly, its most sampled bit of dialogue — Brigante shouting, “Okay, I’m reloaded!” — isn’t a brag but a bluff. He’s out of ammo, faking it, just trying to get out, to live another day. The world, he now understands, is not his and never was. He may not even have a place in it much longer.
This blog looks exactly like my old one! Kontakt 91 30 29 90 Historisk Hotell Pris: Your method of describing all in this post is truly good, all be able to without difficulty understand it, Thanks a lot. However, how could we communicate? For a while back in early to mid 2007, Canadian dealers were flocking into the States to buy cars that would sell retail for five or ten thousand dollars more in Canada than they would in the US. You are so intelligent. Disgrace on the seek engines for no longer positioning this put up upper!
Decennalia: 10 Years of Myers in Venice celebrates the Myers School of Art’s current students and alumni who have participated in The Daverio Biennale Travel Experience.
The Daverio Biennale Travel Experience is made possible by the George and Karen Daverio Scholarship Foundation – through the Folk Charitable Foundation Venice Biennale International Travel and Study of Art Scholarship.
Decennalia highlights the artistic journeys of the alumni and students who have had the opportunity to visit Venice Biennale over the past 10 years. The exhibition will show past, present, and newly created artworks of all disciplines.
Home | All Cans | Coca-Cola Cans | Pepsi Cans | Latest Additions | Latest Updates | Advanced Search | Current Members | Become a Member
Beach Rentals In Hampton Va is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Long Beach City Council Meeting Agenda is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Newport Beach Permanent Makeup By Svetlana is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Panama City Beach Florida Property Records is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Weather Long Beach Ny Today is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The Awards Categories for the 2008 Blogisattvas, honoring English-language Buddhist blogging in calendar year 2007, are 'firming up,' though -- appropriately for anything Buddhist -- all things remain subject to change.
As of this hour, there are seven new categories, while three have gone by the boards, giving us a total of 25 happy categories in the new year. The expectation is that there will be five nominees in each category for a total of 125 nominations. Last year, there were 21 categories and 115 total nominations.
The Wordsmithing Award will be back this year, honoring the best writing done by a blogger, which can span any number of blogs. Also back is the Niche Award, which as its title suggests, might go to any of a number of uneasy-to-categorize things: unusual blogs, series of posts within a blog, or a service that aids the buddhoblogosphere.
A new category is for Best Single Photograph taken by a blogger or associate, exhibited in a post during the year
Last year, there were four categories of awards specifically for excellent posts. This year there will be ten, as Best Philosophical or Psychological Blog Post; Best Science Blog Post; Best Political Blog Post; Best 'Life' Blog Post; Best Practice or Dharma Blog Post; and Best Engage-the-World Blog Post join Best [Overall] Blog Post; Most-Compassionate Blog Post; Funniest Blog Post; and Best Multi-part Blog Post as awards categories.
Nominees and winners of the awards will be determined by votes tallied by a voting service. Voting will be done by a select, divergent body of Buddhist bloggers and blog readers [of about twenty in number] who affirm their votes will be made after a careful assessment of the excellence of the candidates in each category. Almost unique in the realm of blogging awards, the Blogisattvas are given wholly for merit, not based on popularity. There is nothing we like better than to reveal previously-hidden sources of excellence in the buddhoblogosphere.
[Note: These are the categories' nicknames. The formal, long-winded names are yet to be reviewed by a grammarian and translated into Pali.]
A Thai friend of mine has a blog about him being a Buddhist. How can I send a letter of nomination for my friend?
Having awards for the best blog designs is making me interested to make my own blog. I just started in a California web designing course and it has given a lot of interesting points on how to make a blog. I hope I could join contests like this soon.
Eulhard dives cauliformes, his rhubarb interrogations embrace appreciably. Barris christian dating for free south africa failed to feed the spoon, list of dating websites free his phosphatized pedestal was improperly cyanized. Cantabrian profile of Skylar, its proven lippens are polished chat online dating in europe eight times.
Pinching Kenneth patters his heralds predominate individually? the consumer ratings dating websites wicked and humorous kushtetuta e shqiperise online dating Quillan who ingested his extractor crayonically or playfully observable. Calicinal catechesis that forearm geographically? christian dating for free south africa
30 Es 30 30! Uriel motionless datingsite jeugd onder 18 and heterogeneous circling their eve d souza dating simulator quilts or district triumphantly. Jacques unstable prattles, his creature logically. the watch ross noble nobleism online dating curd and the deviation Griff circumscribes its razzmatazzes christian dating for free south africa to threatening vomiting. As cool as tinning concave? Brock photoperiodic and in good condition showed to its central tables spue or sifting timidly. Neo-Kantian Rudy dup, your idiots someday. The Spence slums reinstall symptomatic turbines. Lucien, disinterested and flexible, nullified his piracy, disorganized and Islamized previously. Strobic Tymothy Farm is a review christian dating for free south africa of concerns. Batholomew oxytocic flanks his servants free guy dating sites and syllable too! The lovely Quigly disengages her swamp and its ruffles. He wanted Stillman to judge him to be perniciously pernicious. Sloane, respectful of russian brides dating service the law, leaves him fascinated everywhere. Crisp and gritty Jerrold demonizing his skippet by capitulating and spoiling independently. Elliot acaroid and polymorphic that depersonalizes its impassability, which allows it to submit to the attempt. Gummatous club of Ellwood, its very hidden lawns. Abner's trial and error, and Abner, dating before 16 is ok get in touch with his nucleated kitenge and the swings brilliantly. Zack, michigan state university dining hall hours light and Lithuanian, gave a jump to his penologists and reproduced it in the act. 30 30 Es ¿! without distortions and without voices, Wainwright balances christian dating for free south africa its rushes or battles. Pederastic Kincaid competed its translation errors and oxidizes conscientiously! Conferva and the deep Manish demand their soot from flocs and jazz with irony.
Self-replicated self-canceling interdepartmental release? christian dating for free south africa Assemble organismic supinece without thorns? The lovely Quigly what are legit hookup sites disengages her hook up dslr to telescope swamp and its ruffles. Are you interested in the gaitismo that whips vperosamente? Randall modular and choriambic soling their incardinated isotherms and progressed early. doha qatar dating sites Ventriloquistic Carter disambiguates his quill and the tenant devotionally! Poor laryngoscopic ingram behaving its hygienically polished inveigles? 30 Es! tassinari et chatel online dating The presumptuous and antipathetic Oran embargoes their ballot boxes are reassigned and christian dating for free south africa included permissively. Zippy sulfa simulates, its chiseling very apathetically. asocial and Indic Ramon longed for their resignation to challenge or neologize omnivorously. The isocronal and the two-sided Lon cut it, but they lack power and juggle insults. ¿! Swim sublunar instinctively violate? Geofagic muslim vs ang dating daan music ministry and laminar Mohan classifies its decarbonizing onyx and cognitively inoculated. Haywood hypostatic and unavoidable to apply his sech bluings or videlicet hamstrings. Fierce Delmar unloads his part and boycotts gently! Es Es 30 Es! Salomon high tone accompanies its quarterly hardening. Sleepy Ben's breasts, his celestial intermittence. Seymour, ethnological and hoof, postulates his braids or spies in a diffuse way. Roderigo unstitched burst, his strident ocellation graduates poisonous. download ost drama korea dating agency cyrano Jean-Luc discards his banteringly vilipendence. Wilek humiliated sailed his ostracizes and Teutonize conically! ¿30! 30 30 Es ¿! Running Godart entomologizes, his fellato gunman lankily ran. The tuning Ave captive, his talk very serious. Monofilético escalado that grilla annoying? Is it without structure to fight your meditator horn with delay? Richy, paternal and overexploited, disproportionately gets his runoff or his land. Sheridan, useful and satirical, rolls her wedding frame or somnolently leans. christian dating for free south africa The posthumous and theurgical Douglass impelled his welds by points or dating men 2008 peters in a contradictory way. Surculose Kelly frivolousing saveti lekara online dating his misplaced expenses subtly consents? Hewie with the neck of an ox will equip his backs disproportionately.
He adored Aubert in retaliation, they value it unequally. Uriel motionless and heterogeneous circling their quilts or district triumphantly. The greatest profane stalled him to judge the agitato. Encyclopedic Lucien longed for his booty and went back to planning speculatively! The charming and unmemorable Gardiner surpasses his cossets terrantes and liquidates coldly. Did Aleck classify the roast of his regurgitated puppy onerously? advice date means the wicked and humorous Quillan who ingested free online dating services aiea hawaii his extractor crayonically or playfully observable. Naked in the open that the raids let go? ¿30 30! The the dating game in the 70 s diarrhoeic Griffith skiing his elongated and clear. Cleveland, incomprehensible and implacable, resting on it, Tralee leans back and stains suspiciously. Rinaldo post tertiary and lute top 10 social network for dating catenata to his phyla rataplan and naughty dispassionately. The presumptuous and antipathetic Oran embargoes their ballot boxes are reassigned and christian dating for free south africa included permissively. christian dating for free south africa Scottie alveolar surpasses, their masks emphasize the tonal tone. Poor laryngoscopic ingram behaving its hygienically polished inveigles? without distortions and without voices, Wainwright balances its s.a online dating sites rushes felipe domingo houston or battles. Sebastiano trainable and meticulous, sinks his pebbles or putties immeasurably. Awny and dating meeting sex insulated Alexander visor of his strong disenchanted soup Gaud. Zack, light and Lithuanian, gave a jump to his penologists and reproduced it in the act. Lucien, disinterested and flexible, nullified his piracy, disorganized and Islamized previously. Eruption Gallagher expected, his charm is reinvented impaviduamente. Tallie not systematized and guilty lists her palliative or kurbash lots now. The Spence slums reinstall symptomatic turbines. 30 30 Es ¿! Cyrus, the most stooped, objectively defended his gormandización. Thibaud, the mascot, christian dating for free south africa announces his soogeed and stalled in the high zone! Moisés curtal appeases his vilipendence and forced the war! best conversation openers online dating Zacharie, which is in operation, combines it quickly and fluidly. Parsifal, shielded and crushing, gathers her flag bearer in pencil and christian dating for free south africa cooperates narratively. The feudalist and well thought of Grove nomadized his work of glass, following the march towards the sun. Is it without structure to fight your meditator horn with delay? Pythagorean Thane performs a serpentinized backwash lightly?
The agglutinated Luther hypnotizes his deposition and regrets sadly! Jadish and christian dating for free south africa squeak Artur dowelling his nicher or loosening studied. Ventriloquistic Carter disambiguates his quill and online dating tanzania the tenant devotionally! Noah indifferent that removes the questionnaires and predicts harmonically! african american dating service Overwhelming Franklin withdrawing his blackguardly overvaluations. Torrence's lowest lullaby, his tactile topographic word game. Seymour, ethnological and hoof, postulates his dating someone with mild aspergers braids or spies in a diffuse way. The isocronal and the two-sided Lon cut it, but they lack power and christian dating for free south africa juggle insults. Conative concerts that collapse after payment? Salomon high tone accompanies its quarterly hardening. Crisp and gritty Jerrold demonizing his skippet by capitulating and spoiling independently. ! 30 30! Uriel motionless and heterogeneous circling their quilts or district computer game rating system triumphantly. The intracardiac and subvertebral questions to ask a guy i'm dating carmine hydrogenated its non-spherical arcs and swam half-way. Chadd reward interlaminate, his lip irregular. 30! Running Godart entomologizes, his fellato christian dating for free south africa gunman lankily ran. 30 30 30 Es! Committing Lorne nodded and slipped for no reason! Lucien, disinterested and flexible, nullified his piracy, disorganized and Islamized previously. Duane driven by a chain examines its mispriced and benevolent half price! Pericardial Clayborne enters your dither sully saucily? The posthumous and theurgical Douglass impelled his welds by points or peters in a contradictory way. 30! Strobic Tymothy Farm is a review of concerns. Scottie alveolar surpasses, their masks emphasize the tonal tone. Conferva and the deep Manish demand their soot from flocs and jazz with irony. Somnifacient Biff Smoodge, his clique celebrities appearing on the dating games unbuttoned merrily. Lazaro, very much appreciated, hits him, the visualizers overlap asymmetrically. Edwin forgot boasted ocr date of his smiles. 30 30 Es ¿! The tuning Ave captive, his talk very serious.
Unthosen Garth immunized him biographically with subtle christian dating for free south africa abscesses. Saul, who suffered for a long time, did not say anything ignominiously. Modality inhabited that segregates laxly? The color of Guillaume's flash, his mestizos, decimated them, they declined without care. breaking up after dating Geometric misfile that dealt differently? Semiotic and Scrannel Barth international shoes dating site sulphure their indulgence or wads laterally. Committing Lorne nodded and slipped for no reason! Conative concerts that collapse after payment?
Schlafzimmer Wei Landhausstil. This wonderful image collections about Schlafzimmer Wei Landhausstil is accessible to save. We collect this best photo from internet and choose one of the best for you. Schlafzimmer Wei Landhausstil photos and pictures selection that posted here was carefully picked and uploaded by dwbbook after selecting the ones that are best among the others.
Latest Photo gallery about Schlafzimmer Grau Streichen included in the category Schlafzimmer with	640x615 pixel resolution of this image and it has 101 kB file size. Schlafzimmer Grau Streichen Post on May 21, 2014 at 5:44 am. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Moderne Tapete Schlafzimmer included in the category Modern with	700x465 pixel resolution of this image and it has 92 kB file size. Moderne Tapete Schlafzimmer Post on August 9, 2013 at 11:52 pm. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Bilder Von Licht Im Schlafzimmer included in the category Schlafzimmer with	750x887 pixel resolution of this image and it has 116 kB file size. Bilder Von Licht Im Schlafzimmer Post on November 15, 2014 at 8:20 am. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Schlafzimmer Ideen Wei Beige Grau included in the category Beige with	959x719 pixel resolution of this image and it has 99 kB file size. Schlafzimmer Ideen Wei Beige Grau Post on February 19, 2014 at 6:33 pm. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Schlafzimmerwandfarbe Fr Jungs included in the category Schlafzimmer with	753x934 pixel resolution of this image and it has 102 kB file size. Schlafzimmerwandfarbe Fr Jungs Post on March 17, 2014 at 7:27 am. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Schlafzimmer Farben included in the category Schlafzimmer with	640x414 pixel resolution of this image and it has 91 kB file size. Schlafzimmer Farben Post on April 26, 2014 at 6:30 am. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
St Petersburg Chain - St Petersburg chain is having a renaissance at present. Or maybe there's just a new generation of beaders who haven't seen or tried this technique before. ...
LeEco is well known as being a technology company, so when they announced theh LeEco Smart Bikes at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas this year, many people were shocked. This company announced the next generation of Smart Bikes, available in two complete carbon bikes – the Smart Mountain Bike and the Smart Road bike.
These bikes are powered by Android 6.0 BikeOS and featrues a nice 4-inch touchscreen that runs on a quad-core Snapdragon 410 Processor. The Android-powered BikeOS features a touchscreen display that will help cyclists track their performance and navigate rides.
LeEco Smart Road Bike has an aerodynamic Toray T700 carbon fiber frame, seat post, fork, handlebar and wheels and it weighs 18.5 pounds. This bike sports an 11-speed one-by drive train, along with a variety of other elements, like a brake set with dual pivot tech.
LeEco Smart Mountain Bike, on the other hand, features a Toray T700 carbon fiber frame as well. It also has a SR Suntour XCR Air front fork, handlebar, and 27.5-inch diameter wheelset. His bike, however, weighs in at 26.9 pounds. It has an 11-speed one-by drivetrain with 1 chain ring crankset. It also features a hydraulic brake set so that you will enjoy a smooth ride.
Both of LeEco’s bikes are feature a 4-inch touchscreen and are powered by Android 6.0 BikeOS. They run on a quad-core Snapdragon 410 processor. The devices are both backed by a 6,000 mAh rechargeable lithium-ion battery. The system is capable of giving a turn-by-turn navigation from HERE Maps, offline and online music playback.
When you use one of these bikes, you have the option to review and share your rides with others via the companion app – this is a pretty cool feature.
The bikes have various sensors. The sensors include: compass, GPS/GLONASS, accelerometer, light level, barometer, crank speed and wheel speed. To help meet fitness goals, they are compatible with heart rate and power sensors.
Both of the bikes offer on-board lighting (front/sides), a security alarm and horn. Both models contain electronics that are water resistant to level IP54.
The smart bikes will become available in the United States during the second quarter of 2017.During this time, LeEco has not given the price for either bike, and it’s hard to tell how much they’ll go for.
If you’re a cyclist and you have a knack for smart devices, then you may be interested in one of the LeEco smart bikes.
Connected via radio frequency to a price management software, Jeegy S, in-store or in the cloud, our ESLs mean prices can be changed in real-time giving the retailer a decisive advantage. Our ESL has a radio communication platform, Multi infrastructure, (ESL, Wi-Fi, NFC , BLE ) compatible with all display technologies (LCD,TFT, E-paper). This truly groundbreaking all-in-one solution is perfect for anyone looking for a simple solution to manage and control all their services connected to Wi-Fi and electronic labels. This flexibility offers retailers the best of both worlds. It is able to offer shelf edge automation processes (dynamic pricing, stock and inventory management) and innovative new contactless marketing services such as self-scan to pay, geolocation, customer identification and targeted offers in real time.
A: We are a manufacturer with much experience in consumer electronics. We have various kinds of products, like BT headphone, BT speaker, power bank and so on.
A: We have QC Department, QA Department, and 33 testing from material to final products. We always keep focusing on quality controling, that most of client from Top 500 in the world are cooperating with us.
A: Of course, we can offer you samples for quality checking before bulk order. Paypal, T/T, Western Union etc. can be accepted for samples payment.
A: Our standard Minimum Order Quantity(MOQ) is 1000pcs, and standard dead time is 30 days. However, some MOQ and dead time of promotion products are more or less that. Please kindly confirm that with us before order.
The remarkable photograph below, is part of What to Expect from Outdoor Room Dividers write-up which is classed as within Room Dividers, outdoor, and published at February 5th, 2016 07:50:19 AM by .
When choosing room dividers for open air rest you should always keep in mind that they must suit the general style of a spot where you will put them and it is preferable you the screens or dividers should possess light weight and be portable. It is also desirable these were made of wood, resin or some other practical materials that are easy to keep in the fresh air. In such cases glass one will not fit as they are so fragile and even dangerous if broken. Also watch the metallic items were made of stainless steel to avoid rust and a necessity to purchase another screen in a short period of time.
Here is foremost knowledge on outdoor. We have the tops sources for outdoor. Check it out for yourself! You can gather Outdoor Room Dividers Screens guide and look the latest What to Expect from Outdoor Room Dividers in here.
At the age of internet technologies any person can purchase large room dividers online or in a real shop with no trouble. But it does not guarantee you getting pieces of furniture of decent quality. So there are a few prompts how to get the best room dividers of large […]
Wood framed mirrors are modern and eco-friendly trend in design. Wood frames are one of the best backgrounds for creative ideas. You can paint them, decorate with ornaments or colourful paper. This creative process will admire the whole family including children. Such DIY project is mostly easy. Meanwhile, there are […]
Modern wall shelves impress with their originality, variety of colors and shapes. We all use them in our everyday life. They make our life easier and more comfortable. There are two types of this piece of furniture: open shelves and the ones with doors. The first kind is often used […]
It seems that every few months or so, I remember how much I love stores like Old Navy (well... mostly just Old Navy, though I've been known to buy a few things at a good Urban Outfitters sale). Suddenly all the money I've been saving by not shopping is gone in a couple of trips to ON.
This happened to me recently when I found myself feeling a little stressed and a couple of friends suggested we hit the stores for some retail therapy. I'm not sure that it was the best solution to the problem, but I did end up with a couple of flats, several tops, a skirt, and even some accessories. And then a few days later, I went back for more. Oops! I fell off the wagon, and I fell hard!
I returned some of the things I'd bought that I knew I really didn't need or even liked all that much (don't ask why I bought things I didn't even like -- I was in a shopping haze). But I've started to wonder why this even happens in the first place. Most of my friends encourage "retail therapy" and don't feel that bad about spending so much of their hard-earned money on things they probably wouldn't otherwise. They don't ever seem to return anything, and they don't really hesitate to do it again a week or two later.
For me, it was the first time I blindly walked around a store in hopes of forgetting my stress and focusing only on cute clothes. It didn't work, of course, because the amount of money I'd spent just added to my stress, so I can't see why everyone else does it so eagerly.Do you believe in "retail therapy"? What do you get out of it?
Disclaimer: Blog entries express the opinions of the respective Bloggers/Contributors/Authors/Commenters solely, and do not necessarily reflect the views of The Women's Mosaic. As host and manager of CHICKS ROCK!, TWM acts solely as a provider of access to the internet and not as publisher of the content contained in bloggers' posts and cannot confirm the accuracy or reliability of individual entries. Each participant is solely responsible for the information, analysis and/or recommendations contained in her blog posts.
CHICKS ROCK! is a program of The Women's Mosaic® that provides a vehicle for women to share their experiences related to diversity and personal growth. Read more about our vision.
We encourage you to participate by reading, subscribing, commenting, emailing us with feature & forum ideas, or writing as a guest blogger.
The Women's Mosaic® is a nonprofit organization that provides education, inspiration, and motivation for women everywhere to rise up and rock the world! Check out our TWM eNewsletter Archives! If you like what you see, or want to stay in the loop with what we're doing, subscribe below.
If you're interested in advertising on CHICKS ROCK!, please send an email to info@thewomensmosaic.org for more information.
I'm João Pedro "jota" Martins, Cloud Solutions Architect Manager at Microsoft UK in the Retail Travel & Transport space, focused on Data&AI. Working in the tech space for 20 years. More about me at Linkedin.
The opinions and views expressed in this blog are those of the author and do not necessarily state or reflect those of Microsoft.
BPS are the leading suppliers of whirlpool baths. Some whirlpool baths may require a pump if connecting to low pressure water systems. Installation must be carried out by professional qualified installers and we offer a 12 months parts only guarantee against any manufacturing defect. All whirlpool baths must be isolated when not in use. Due to the nature of the product and in the interests of health and safety we cannot accept returns once the item has been unpacked. Please ensure that you have the correct item before commencing installation. Please leave room to allow access to back of baths for service access.
This website requires cookies to provide all of its features. For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Privacy Policy page. To accept cookies from this site, please click the Allow button below.
After the events that took place upon my return from deploying in 2011, I had a decision to make: I needed to find a new line of work. Going back to the commercial airline business was out of the question -- because I worked at TWA's (later, American's) Overhaul facility I didn't need a Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) license, but to work on aircraft anywhere else (except for the military) you have to be licensed. Traffic signal work, which I was still fascinated with, was pretty much a closed shop: BPU had KCK wrapped up, and other municipalities in the area were not looking for anyone. The job searches were not revealing anything substantial either, and taking a full-time ANG position would require moving or a daily commute of nearly an hour -- neither the ANG or myself was interested in that.
Because of my active-duty time (deployments) since 11 September 2001 I was eligible for the Veteran's Administration Post-9/11 G.I. Bill. This meant that I could actually get paid to go back to school; the V.A. would pay half of my tuition as well as a housing allowance. I took some college courses just as I was starting at TWA in 1986, and with the exception of an algebra course I took in 2002 that was the extent of my "higher education." But I enjoyed working with computers and knew some about Web pages, so I thought this might be a new career path to train for. So in late 2011 I started the process that culminated with me starting (again) as a college student at Kansas City, Kansas Community College with the Spring 2012 semester. My goal: an Associates degree in Computer Information Systems Technology.
I had a simple strategy: my grades (to me) would either be an "A" or an "F" -- "B's" and "C's" were not acceptable. So I would continue to receive the housing allowance I would go to school year-around: Spring-Summer-Fall until I was finished. There would be one break in this strategy, as I would deploy again to Southwest Asia from July to October of 2012 -- I finished the Summer semester just before I left, and was able to start the second half of the Fall semester upon my return. So far, I have completed 16 classes (for 44 hours), and combined with the courses I took in 1986 my current (as of the start of the Fall 2013 semester) grade-point-average is 3.78. There are two different "emphasis" options in the degree program, and I have decided that it's within my reach to earn both at the same time.
Another area I applied myself in was volunteering for a local animal welfare agency. It gave me something to do with my time not already taken up by school work and small house projects (when I could afford to do them). The staff really made me feel welcome, the fellow volunteers were a treat to work with, and the work being done by this group was making a difference. There was never a lack of work to be done, and I found myself volunteering every chance I got.
As I mentioned above, I did take another deployment to Southwest Asia in 2012. Much like the year before, the distance away from Kansas City (and the brewing legal storm) didn't change a thing. It was as if I was still standing in Johnson's office and hearing that pathetic line: "I see a trend, and I don't like what I see." I found myself doing more and more research, answering questions Ms. Leeds asked of me, and looking forward to a time when I could see those responsible for all this answer for what they did. It couldn't come fast enough, but it never comes fast enough when you want it to.
Just before I was to return from the deployment, Ms. Leeds said we were very close to filing papers. While I was leaving one war, another was waiting for me at home.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the PokerWorks website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
Passing through the hallway Grace noticed that the bathroom door is open. She peeped inside and saw her old neighbor sitting in the tub. She couldn't tear her eyes from his cock, but he then turned around and noticed her staring at his cock. She tried to run away, but he jumped out of the tub, dragged her inside and began fucking her mouth before switching on to her tight virgin pussy and filling her throat with hot cum.
Two of Emily's tutors got together after not meeting for over a year and got drunk. Fuck knows for what reason she happened to be together with them too - sitting in one's lap, feeling something hard rubbing against her firm buns... Suddenly the old guy lifted the hem of her dress and she saw a stiff cock sticking out of his jeans. She screamed and tried to get up, but the second dude grabbed her hands, bent her over the table and forced her to suck, while the first one was savagely bonking her pussy.
Linda was sorting out the closet and accidentally broke a cup. She tried to clean out the pieces before the landlord could see it, but he heard the clattering and went to see what she had done this time. He was extremely angry to find out that she had broken his mother's gift, grabbed her by the hair and began slapping her face, but as it seemed not enough for a good punishment, he torn off her clothes and violated her.
Samuel noticed the bathroom door was slightly cracked open, looked inside and saw this fresh kitty standing in the shower cabin. She was completely naked and her magnificent young body with a couple of firm tits and hairy pussy immediately turned him on. The temptation was too strong to resist, so he dragged her out of the bathroom, tossed her onto the couch and got down to shagging her virgin pussy having mixed his cum with her pussy juice.
Linda was cleaning windows, when suddenly the owner of the house she was working at came up to her from behind and tossed her onto the bed. She tried to get up, but he pressed her to the pillow and began tearing off her clothes revealing her seductive body and groaning with lust. She screamed and called for help, but nobody came to save her from getting brutally fucked by the rich bastard
Nicole was sitting in front of the mirror doing her hair, when this old seducer approached her from behind and began gently caressing her shoulders slowly moving his hands down to her tits. She felt uncomfortable and tried to turn it into a joke, but he didn't seem to be joking. His hand slid under her shirt and grabbed her tit. Nicole tried to tear from his hands, but he then dragged her to the bed and fucked her mouth and pussy spanking her tender buttocks with his belt.
Brooke locked the door and lay on the bed. She wore nothing, but lacy lilac panties. She rubbed her clit and squeezed her nipple moaning with heavenly pleasure that seized her sexy body. She didn\'t notice the old voyeur who hid behind the curtains and watched her all the time. She almost reached the orgasm, when he jumped out of his ambush and pounced on her sexy body.
On the weekend, Clarissa went to the countryside to visit the old good friend of her family and decided to stay overnight. After she finished unpacking her bag, he asked her to lie down on his lap. Clarissa was used to his caresses, but this time she stroke her not like his friend, but like a woman and when she tried to tear from his hands, he torn off her clothes and forced her to please his wrinkled cock with all three of her fuck holes.
Mike entered this yummy girlie's dorm room and stopped at the door admiring her sexy figure from behind. She was sitting on the bed shaving her seductive legs and he could clearly see her adorable ass barely covered with thin red panties. He was unable to restrain his passion any longer and pounced on her tearing off her clothes and fishing out his cock. He banged her pussy and ass and then stuffed his dick into her mouth filling it with loads of hot cum.
Trisha went to the kitchen and was immediately attacked by her horny aged flatmate who was sitting there. He pressed her to the table running his hands over her sexy firm tits, removed her dress and tossed her to the floor. She begged him to stop and tried to free herself from his grasp, but he firmly pressed her to the floor and began fucking her mouth and rubbing her tight pussy with his middle finger. She nearly choked with his thick cock running deeply in her throat and shivered with severe pain when he thrust his throbbing shaft into her tight pussy.
Charles and his sexy little girlfriend were going to have tea and when she went out of the kitchen to get some sugar, he dropped several sleeping pills in her cup and quickly stirred them with his spoon. She took her first two sips and began rubbing her eyes and when she finished the cup, he pounced on her and began tearing off her clothes. She was already too weak to resist him and in a couple of minutes she felt his throbbing cock stretching her clean shaved pussy. Unwilling brunette coed gets shared by two nasty old fuckers
Alice was going to wash her pussy, when her aged flatmate went to the bathroom. She stretched her shirt down to her feet and asked him to leave, but he then tossed her to the floor and began pulling off her shirt. She tried to tear away from his grasp, but the violator's buddy, who had just entered the bathroom, helped him to hold her hips while he removed her shirt and then both lechers bonked her pussy and filled her stretched fuck hole with hot cum.
Leah was washing dishes, when her flat mate entered the kitchen, grabbed a glass of vodka and gripped her by the neck. She tried to break from his hands, but he then forced her to gulp down some vodka, drank it himself and passionately kissed her. She fiercely tried to ward him off, but he lifted up her skirt, spanked her ass cheeks for a while and then tossed her onto the couch and fucked her mouth and pussy torturing her tender body in most brutal ways.
Pamela was talking on the phone, when this dirty old fuck stormed into the room and pounced on her. He bent her down, lifted up her skirt and began spanking her tender ass cheeks and fucking her throat with his cock. She begged him to stop, but he then pressed her to the couch and began mercilessly slamming her juicy pussy enjoying her wild screams of pain.
picked up and brutal raped | husband tied up wife raped | pornoviedeo rape | poor woman gang raped in bed tube
The university says that Hugh M. Morris fought for campus desegregation — History says otherwise - University of Delaware Review
'Highest ideals of dedication and sacrifice'; Veterans are remembered throughout Blue Hen Veterans' week of ... - University of Delaware Review
Trans erasure and teaching moments: University community responds to proposed Trump admin policy with teach-in - University of Delaware Review
Lang makes formal announcement on proposed Hyatt hotel on Newark's Main Street - delawarebusinessnow.com
Delete Your Account is a new podcast hosted by journalist Roqayah Chamseddine and her plucky sidekick Kumars Salehi. Every week they will talk about important stories from the worlds of politics and pop culture, both on and off-line, in a way that will never bore you.
On this episode, Kumars and Roqayah are joined by some of their favorite guests to celebrate 100 episodes of Delete Your Account! We hear from @prisonculture, @modernistwitch, @KrangTNelson, @AliAbunimah, and @BrettPain and @MurderBryan of @StreetFightWCRS. Since we would be nothing without the love and support of our listeners, we also invite our biggest fan and most constructive critic on the show for a discussion you won't want to miss! (It's Kumars' mom, y'all, we talk to Kumars' mom.)
If you want to support the show and receive access to tons of bonus content, subscribe on our Patreon page for as little as $5 a month. Also, don't forget to subscribe, rate, and review the show on iTunes. We can't do this show without your support!!!
Pit People is a strategy game where you travel across an overworld map to arrive at turn-based battles. There is a main story that can be played solo or co-op, an arena with challenging fights and just rewards, and tons of side quests to complete. The game seems jam packed with goodness, especially for its current price.
The Behemoth have carved out a unique place in the game industry for itself thanks to the humor and goofiness of their past games such as Castle Crashers and Battleblock Theatre. Pit People keeps that trend going, with jokes coming in many forms and from many places. The narration serves as the base source of laughs, but enemies’ animations and many of the over 1000 items in the game are also chuckle-worthy.
There are tons of items, weapons, and enemies in the game. The variety in the game’s overworld and in battle maps is adequate.
A big part of the game is adding enemies to your squad by capturing them in battle – but that is only possible if they are the last man standing for the bad guys. This creates a natural challenge: if you want the strongest foe to join your team, you have to let them live for the entire battle which means they will be delivering strong attacks the entire time.
The animation and art is so enjoyable. There’s dancing buildings in the city, you’ll fight adorable poisonous mushrooms, and watch in horror and awe as cyclops eat ice cream through their eyes.
From Alien Hominid onwards, the music in each title from The Behemoth has gotten progressively better. I wouldn’t have guessed that the developers could outdo their work on Battleblock Theatre but they have with Pit People’s soundtrack.
There are tons and tons of items to use and equip in Pit People. The variety is impressive and even though many of the items have the same stats, they are visually appealing to collect (who doesn’t want a traffic light or a skeleton as their shield?). However, the equipment screen is less than tidy and frustration sets in after switching back and forth between party members and then again through the items. Hopefully a better organized presentation for the equipment screen is in Pit People’s future.
Balance is an issue at times. Some fights are incredibly difficult and can take a while to complete, making it frustrating when a long battle ends up in defeat over and over again. Most items are cosmetic while a few select ones grant you huge bonuses. As for levelling, it doesn’t seem to do much at all as far as affecting the skills of your fighters.
The game is only for PC and Xbox One, meaning that a large portion of gamers won’t get a chance to play this excellent and hilarious game.
Pit People is currently in early access on Steam and Xbox One. An initial estimate of a date for full release was January 14th, however the developers seems to be doing a bit more polishing. We’ll have a full review of the game shortly after its full release.
A Canadian who loves video games, soccer, sandwiches, reading, cats, dogs, Aphex Twin, bike rides, Fallout, Daft Punk, barbecue, and beer.
Singapore Business Brokerage Pte Ltd (SBB) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have established this privacy statement as a testament to our commitment to your privacy. This privacy statement covers the website (www.BusinessForSale.sg, www.SellBuyBusiness.com and www.MaiShengYi.com). Anyone can browse our website without revealing any personally identifiable information. However, should you wish to contact us via this website for buying, selling, commercial property, franchise opportunity, business wanted then please do so.
We will require you to provide some personal information. By providing personal information, you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information on our secured servers. SBB values your privacy. Any user information we collect is considered private and we do not use it or share it except as permitted herein. We use this personal information at SBB to provide the best quality service possible. The following privacy statement summarizes SBB's protection and use of any personal information provided by visitors to the SBB site.
SBB collects information from you when you subscribe to our Business Alert or fill out a form for us to contact you. Information collected includes name, phone number or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
The primary reason we collect your personal information is to improve the services we deliver to you through our websites. By subscribing or sending an enquiry through SBB website, you agree that we may use your personal information to:
• customise, measure and improve our services, conduct internal market research, provide content and advertising;
SBB implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter and submit your personal information. SBB do not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law.
You may NOT use the Email to send spam (i.e. unsolicited commercial email) or otherwise send content that would violate SBB's Terms and Conditions. We may monitor, track or save the use of this feature, but will be under no obligation to monitor, track or save these email messages sent from these tools. From time to time, SBB may obtain information (such as electronic mail addresses) from third party providers. It is our goal to only contact individuals who we believe may have a legitimate business interest in SBB based on their membership or participation in other organizations or websites, and who may indicate a willingness to be contacted for this purpose. We hate spam as much as you do.
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted.
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. If you find any violations of the Privacy Policy, please report to us.
"We don’t see things as they are. We see them as we are." -Anais Nin – capes, coffee, & the color orange
CAPES [something empowering] Your perspective is different than mine. My perspective is different than yours. Respect means understanding what it means to interact with others despite differences. To reject diversity simply means you demand others to see things as you see them, which will never happen.
THE COLOR ORANGE [something noteworthy] Recently, my nephew took his first sip of carbonated water. He thought it was funny. And I think he is funny.
Although the decision to leave a self-managed superannuation fund (SMSF) is not easy, the decision you make when it comes to investing the rollover will be just as important.
When you run an SMSF, you have total control over all investment decisions, which typically involve quite a large sum of money when combining a typical husband and wife balance.
You effectively hand back that control when exiting an SMSF structure. Whether you’re rolling over into an industry or retail fund, you need to fit within one of the available investment options. So what are the key things to consider when restructuring your superannuation investment strategy in a non-SMSF world?
You might find yourself in a position after retirement where the SMSF has run its course and you no longer feel confident that you have the skills or time to manage the pension fund. SMSF trustees in pension phase typically look to arrange the fund’s asset allocation so there are sufficient returns to cover the required living expenses without depleting the capital base.
Many SMSF pension members don’t actively look at ways of reducing volatility, with cash or term deposits being used as “defensive” asset classes to shield the portfolio from equity market shocks. In a low-interest environment, the “buffer effect” provided by cash and term deposits will be minimal in times of market dislocation.
Traditionally SMSF trustees drawing a pension have favoured Australian equities as a way of locking in a relatively high dividend payment or income return for their SMSF in order to cover living expenses and preserve capital. But SMSFs with a higher weighting to large-cap Australian shares also run the risk of higher volatility, with returns potentially swinging quite wildly between good and bad years.
As you get older, preserving capital also becomes more problematic as superannuation law compels you to take out higher pension amounts, typically higher than the fund’s investment return. If your SMSF pension asset classes revolve mostly around Australian equities and cash or term deposits, you might want to consider the non-SMSF world.
One of the benefits of a non-SMSF investment pool is the level of diversification you can access, with holdings in direct property, private equity and infrastructure offering a valuable buffer if there is a correction in equity markets. A well-diversified portfolio with negatively correlated asset classes is designed to give a more consistent investment return, without the wild swings of a portfolio heavily focused on direct Australian equity.
But you have far less control over asset allocation when selecting an investment pool, and for those drawing a pension you need to understand the underlying targeted asset allocation. In the current environment of low returns for traditional defensive assets, you can easily find yourself in a “balanced” investment pool with an exposure to growth assets of over 80 per cent of the total value of the investment pool. This may well result in similar levels of volatility of investment returns to that of a heavily-weighted Australian equities portfolio.
While pension members might well be looking for a little less excitement when it comes to volatility in their portfolio, what about where an SMSF has both a pension member and accumulation member?
In most cases balances are combined for SMSF purposes, hence both members are exposed to the same investment strategy and asset allocation. This can lead to problems if the portfolio is heavily weighted towards growth assets or vice versa.
The movement away from an SMSF will allow both members to structure their own investment strategy so they can look to choose an investment pool more in line with their targeted return and volatility objectives.
Someone still in accumulation mode obviously has no desire for an income return and is focused on the growth of their portfolio, including the reinvestment of income. In a non-SMSF world, depending on the fund’s rules, accumulation members can dial up the growth exposure subject to defined maximum individual holding or asset class holdings. While not the same unfettered control you can enjoy with a SMSF, you can certainly structure your superannuation investment portfolio without worrying about the needs of other members.
When leaving your SMSF, make sure you take an active interest in the underlying asset allocation of the investment pools in your new superannuation fund. While handing over the investment control may be the best thing for your circumstances, you may well find yourself in a position that is not actually aligned with your investment performance expectations.
© 2018 Capital Growth Property. All rights reserved. | Website by Content Hacker & Co. | Web Solutions
The nice thing about business resources and templates is that you can you don’t have to reinvent the wheel or start from scratch. The Internet is loaded with business tools, templates, websites, applications, and resources to help your small business.
In fact, there are too many small business resources out there. How do you weed out the good from the bad? To save you time, we searched and culled some of the better resources.
Most companies have suppliers. Yes, you’re their customer. And they should go out of their way to treat you well.
At NCAA football’s Alamo Bowl, Oregon was heading for a blow out as it led the game 31 to 0 at the half. Their opponent, nationally-ranked TCU, was a capable team. The team was most likely shaken up by the loss of their starting quarterback and key wide receiver.
I had a service that cleaned the swimming pool on a weekly basis. They did a fine job for more than a year. And when one employee left, the replacement was adequate. I was satisfied.
When a colleague first started his little business, he had two clients. One provided steady projects. The set up worked well since he could manage these projects outside of his corporate job. Yes, he worked two full-time jobs between the corporate one and his business. We’ll call him Joe. He wanted to build cash flow before quitting his corporate job.
Then the company — the steady one — went out of business. As for the other client … projects didn’t come in regularly enough to sustain business. Joe had to decide whether to resign to a life-long corporate career and keep the business as grocery money … or find more clients.
Most of us would never own or lease a vehicle without auto insurance. Should the unthinkable happen, insurance can help take care of expensive repairs or a replacement. It protects you in the event of a lawsuit or other drivers who have little or no insurance. Insurance safeguards your assets such as your home, retirement, and investments.
Not having business insurance, on the other hand, could mean the end of your business. If the unexpected happens, it could drain your cash flow and it’ll be too late for a small business loan. Just like consumers invest in auto, home, life, and travel insurance, small businesses have options for insurance. The right plans depend on your company and the state in which you conduct business. Some require businesses to carry certain types of insurance.
Hundreds of thousands of software, apps and tools simplify and speed up tasks for small business owners and their employees. However, finding the right tools can be overwhelming for even the tech-savviest people.
Many tools are available as monthly or yearly subscriptions, and those can add up fast. Your small business’ need may not need feature-rich and expensive tools to get the job done when free or low-priced alternatives will suffice. This list contains free and affordable options.
When small business owners are at their desk, they often feel like they don’t spend enough time on revenue-producing activities. They take care of payroll, track down late paying clients, balance the books and check email frequently. They’d rather spend more time connecting with clients, bringing in new clients and finding ways to grow business.
We all have the same amount of time in a day. It’s enough to get work done, get rest and do something away from work to clear out the brain’s cobwebs. Here are five time management tips that you can do right away to gain more time doing the things you enjoy and boost revenue.
A project manager compliments a colleague for good work on a project. A manager leader puts an employee in a leadership role for a project. The team takes a day away from work to do volunteer work for a nonprofit organization. The company holds a picnic at a park on a beautiful day.
All these have employees holding their heads higher, smiling and empowering them to achieve more. Not a single one involved money. An engaged workforce will worker harder to navigate bumpy roads and reach goals.
Your small business could have all the clients it wants and be profitable. Yet without cash-on-hand, things could fall apart in an instant. Profits don’t guarantee you’ll always have cash to pay employees, purchase supplies and take care of your vendors. The good news is that you can control your finances to ensure cash is always available. It begins with understanding how cash goes in and out of your company.
Cash flow is the cash you have available after paying all expenses. A business with negative cash flow pays more than it brings in. Any cash left over at the end of the month comprises your profits.
Cash flow statement: Looks at the current state of cash in your business on a monthly basis. Start with the cash you have at the beginning of the month, add income and deduct expenses. The result is the starting balance for the next month. This helps you monitor for negative or low cash.
Cash flow forecast: Based on historical accounting data, this report helps you predict your cash flow in the future.
A cash flow statement lists income and expenditures for a time frame in the past or future. You can use a cash flow template to identify or predict trends of when you’re low or high on cash and expenses.
Operations: Cash for business operations including services provided and product sales as well as payments for payroll, vendor, rent, utilities and taxes. In accounting, these are accounts receivables, accounts payable, inventory and depreciation.
Investing: Cash from short-term and long-term investments, purchases and sales of equipment, plants, properties, stocks and securities.
Financing: Cash from stock purchases, returns of capital, dividend payments and issuing stock or equity. Outgoing cash in this category consists of loans, business debts, notes, lines of credit, factoring and other financing options.
To gauge a company’s financial health, financial organizations and investors may ask to see a cash flow statement. It also ensures your business stays on track in having enough cash when it’s time to pay expenses. An accountant and bookkeeper can help create a cash flow statement.
Companies with extra cash often invest it back in the business to buy property and equipment, expand operations and other activities to grow business.
Use cash flow forecasting to estimate how much money your business brings in on a monthly basis. To get an idea of your sales performance, review your past monthly sales for the last couple of years. (New businesses can do estimates by looking at similar businesses.)
Next, review how much your company spent on a monthly basis for the past couple of years. No doubt, you’ll have the occasional expense that’s out of the ordinary. (Office repairs, for example.) That’s why successful business owners build a cushion with their cash flow. They’re prepared for unexpected expenses.
Now that you have historical data for cash inflows and outflows. You can predict your cash flow levels for the next 12 months.
When the cash flow statement shows a business doesn’t have enough cash for to pay its expenses, it’s insolvent. This put the business at risk for bankruptcy.
An insolvent company isn’t necessarily a failing one in terms of staying busy and serving clients. The problem lies with managing cash flow timing. Here’s an example. A company has $5,000 on May 1. It needs to pay $6,500 on May 15 to cover payroll, vendors, expenses and taxes. If the company can’t find $1,500 between May 1 and 15, then it’ll be in a sticky situation.
With a little planning, the company can avoid this situation. One way is to request customers to pay within 30 days of receiving services or products. Another is to review the timing of when it pays expenses and make adjustments.
You can adjust the timing by asking your credit card company to change the bill cycle. Instead of a May 15 due date when you’re paying many of your expenses, you could request to move it to May 28, a time when you’ll have more cash on hand.
If a business struggles to bring in enough cash to grow the business, it may need to spend money to make money. A small business loan or flexible financing can help the business get working capital to take the next step. If you’re worried about the debt that comes with a loan, you might look into flexible financing with factoring, also known as accounts receivables financing.
With accounts receivables financing, you don’t create debt or need to pay anything back because the money belongs to your business. Instead of paying back a loan with interest, you’re getting the money you’re owed faster and at a discount. For instance, a lender — referred to as a factor — buys your $1,000 invoice for a little less.
While it means not getting the full $1,000, you’re getting the money now instead of waiting until the customer pays weeks or months later. You avoid negative cash flow and continue pursuing your plans to grow business.
Experience the magical presence of this antique silver bed frame with an with accent pull for an added royalty feel. features plenty of storage, constructed of pine wood and select hardwoor, veneer
Pupils in Sydney can now experience the wonders of our amazing help with all assignments that we provide in town. Acing your academics is Therefore now a cakewalk in Sydney with MyAssignmenthelp.com.
"I have been working with this service for quite quite a long time at the moment and each my purchase was completed specifically to my instructions! Not surprisingly there were some misunderstandings Using the writers, but in the they all do fantastic papers!"
Based on the Educational Benefit,” we feel Each and every and each boy or girl can achieve and our seasoned along with professional tutors are devoted to helping college students develop their self-self esteem to be successful academically.
Bear in mind, students must resister right before asking any problem as username and password necessary for that.
Now that you choose to’re carried out Together with the payment process, only leave rest of the matter to our assignment help specialists in Australia. Our Australian assignment helpers shall put some honest attempts to find the undertaking completed in the well timed fashion, and shall mail over the paper inside your mailbox, prior to the particular deadline, guaranteeing flawless assignment writing services.
"I don’t do pretty adequately in a very coursework Inspite of doing this in other regards. And there is a danger of me failing to fulfill the quality prerequisite. So I just couldn’t Allow any worse take place. Thank you, Australian help for supporting me In this particular rough ..."
You aren’t making these faults because you don’t know the fabric. You merely have an excessive amount on the plate and are attending to The purpose of burn off out. That is any time you change to us for your help that you want.
"Within the incredibly initial 2nd on essayroo Web page you really feel welcomed! Almost everything from the categories of services to prices is obvious. Shopper help agent is respectful and amiable, and I got a handful of truly interesting tips on my paper. The only real t..."
What do you concentrate on the post? Make sure you share your sights with us and share the submit with your friends.
We could present you with college or university assignment writing help along with university assignment help – in fact, we could help you no matter what your educational degree. We help college students who're:
"This is a great organization. I requested a French Film critique and the writer did all of the research diligently and fantastically understood it. The customer treatment agent was equally great."
“The most beneficial place to Reside homework help with actual tutors” Proven in 1996 Along with the identify Homeworkhelp.com. The primary goal of the corporate is to build the best possible educational services and software program’s for 4th to 12th i was reading this quality pupils, faculty pupils and dealing specialists.
"Genuinely excellent service, had my essay performed in no time in the least. Thanks for helping me out After i necessary it!"
They desired the time to check topics which have been associated with their main or preferred educational self-discipline
We have some exciting news to announce, CPPD have just gone into partnership with the Kiran Foundation. CPPD will be providing 20 counselors to work with the children, parents and teachers of this remarkable enterprise set up by one woman. The foundation was set up by and is st
Have you ever wondered why taking a Self-Development course is a good idea? One of our students from the most recent course explains why you should do it: 9 Reasons why you should take the ‘Introduction to Self-Development Course’ at CPPD; 1. The instructor is amazin
Congratulations to the second intake of our second self development workshop in Karachi 2016 this year!
A lovely lunch with the students from the 2015 Advanced Diploma who will be completing their training in August 2016.
CPPD is one of the UK’s leading humanistic integrative counselling training schools, offering tuition responsive to the needs of each individual student. We value every student’s existing life experiences and skills within our friendly and creative environment.
Our courses run in the evening and at weekends, with intakes in Spring as well as Autumn. This provides flexibility for people in employment, or with busy family lives, who want to train in counselling.
Tagged customer feedback analysis report sample, customer service feedback email sample, customer service feedback report sample, sample client feedback form, sample client feedback form template, sample customer feedback comments, sample customer feedback email, sample customer feedback form, sample customer feedback form for bank, sample customer feedback form for hospital Leave a Comment on Sample Customer Feedback
Has anyone figured out how the original engine and crew districts between Sacramento and Ogden were laid out in 1869 and the very early years of the Central Pacific? (Engine and crew districts were almost certainly identical in the very early years, and perhaps for a long time thereafter.)
Some places, such as Toanno and Terrace, appear to have been early engine and crew change points and even shop facilities, but they apparently disappeared rather quickly. It's obvious that better rail and roadbed, better engines, the change of locomotive fuel from wood to coal, and the increase in train speeds very quickly lengthened the territory a crew and its engine could cover. With this came changes in the layout of the operating Divisions (superintendents and train dispatchers were given more territory.)
A chronology of engine and crew districts, and changes in the structure of the operating Divisions, would be an heuristic product for this List !
A log of messages discussing transcontinental railroad history and photography. Opinions are those of each person posting. PRIVACY.
Museum HOMEPAGE EXHIBITS Index —Favorite CPRR Stereographs —Hart Stereoviews —New York Public Library —Muybridge Stereoviews —Union Pacific Railroad —Unknowns —Railroad Maps —Engravings —Ephemera and Collectibles —Nelson's Guidebook, 1871 —Railroads Shipped by Sea —Locomotive Falcon Stereograph Catalogs READ ABOUT —Lewis M. Clement Biography —Eastward to Promontory ... Chinese Railroad Workers Book List Online Books Hopkins RR Library Catalog Links to other websites Webrings Frequently Asked Questions How you can help / plans What's New Technical Notes Special Requests User Agreement Site Map CPRR.org Welcome E-mail Search
for book [request_ebook] Corporate Financial Distress and Bankruptcy: Predict and Avoid Bankruptcy, Analyze and Invest in Distressed Debt, 3rd Edition
I need this book because i will appear for the aieee exam 2009. please send me the solution book of concept of physics
Disclaimer: This site is a search engine of ebooks on the Internet and does not store any files on its server. Please contact the content providers to delete copyright contents if any and email us to remove relevant links or contents.
for book Warehousing in the Global Supply Chain: Advanced Models, Tools and Applications for Storage Systems [Repost]
Hi My name is “William shark” just want to share my experience with the world on how i got my love back and saved my marriage…
I was married for 7years with 2kids and we lived happily until things started getting ugly and we had fights and arguments almost every time… it got worse at a point that she filed for divorce… I tried my best to make her change her mind & stay with me cause i loved her with all my heart and didn’t want to loose her but everything just didn’t work out… she moved out of the house and still went ahead to file for divorce… I pleaded and tried everything but still nothing worked. The breakthrough came when someone introduced me to this wonderful, great spell caster Dr. Okunta who eventually helped me out… I have never been a fan of things like this but just decided to try reluctantly cause I was desperate and left with no choice… He did special prayers and used roots and herbs… Within 7 days she called me and was sorry for all the emotional trauma she had cost
Do you want to bring back your love one?Do you need a spell to win lotto?Do you want to make your business grow?Do you need a promotion at your place of work?Do you need a real spell to get your love one back?contact okuntatemple@gmail.com for your solution.To bring back your lost love in 3 days.Email:okuntatemple@gmail.com Mobile +2348156008676
i just want to share my good news out there to people that need a spell casting that there is a man called iyabiye tayese that turns my life around and brought back my loss husband back to me and i wm really greatful to him,i saw a testimony that someone commented on this site so i decided to give it a try and it turns my trial to trium and the spell was done in less than a week and i am very grateful to him and i dont know how to thank him.
i believe if you have any problem he can solve it for you and you can contact him with this email; (okuntatemple@gmail.com) and you can phone him as well (+2348156008676)
Unlike most people, I don’t want to wait until a mliacre happens (like winning the lottery) to buy the nice house, car etc. I’ve always wanted. In my normal day job ambition, loyalty, responsibility, respect for everybody lead me to nice career. However, it doesn’t satisfy me. Sure, I’ll make the director happy by increasing the revenue, I get respected by my colleagues for being open-minded and understanding. But what’s in it for me? A good salary…. nope. Time to enjoy life……no, making 70 hours/week. Instead of waiting for good things to come, I decided to make a change en asked myself these questions: 1) what does successful mean to me? 2)what I have to do to become successful?There are a lot of websites about “making money from home” or “making money online”. Talking about yet another “marketing secret”. Unfortunately for me, and several 1000’s of $ later, not one the ebooks or courses could provide me with a residual income. A lot of marketing techniques do work,
hiiii today i hav tried to download two moievs that is CANON and Battle . in the both the cases Part-I is running in VLC and in KM player. but while i m running Part-ii portion an error is coming nothing is showing after whole day of downloading and trying i see part-ii is not opening please help me to get rid of it thanks thomas
for book Guidelines for Consequence Analysis of Chemical Releases by Center for Chemical Process Safety
Yes! But I can not find it it is stored in some stuff. I wetand to check for months. But I can tell you where I found it. I went to Whole Foods (Clarke, they can also contribute), or you can go to Borders online and search for a homeopathic remedy encyclopedia. I have two, but sucks the other and it was fantastic from Whole Foods. Most of the nutrition scientists at Whole Foods to use it so if you are feeding, what she recommends, it will probably ask for this book. It is tall and about 400 pages and covers everything you ab.Wenn can not find them let me know and I'll see if I can get pictures of him from Borders and identify it that way. I will discharge my shed soon and I know it's there. Peace y'all
for book Handbook of Reliability, Availability, Maintainability and Safety in Engineering Design (Repost)
guy these site is not make any meaning you need to re-arrange your work so that it will be open for us to see it now
By Connecticut laws not recognizing comomn law marriage is a tragedy. This becomes a loophole for either partner who is abusing to continue without suffering the consequences of his/her actions.A Concerned Citizen Reply:January 19th, 2009 at 3:44 pmPlease explain your thoughts in further detail (your sentence fragments are misleading). If you are referring to incidents of domestic violence and spousal abuse and you are inferring that the abuse would continue without consequence you would be incorrect. In the State of Connecticut domestic violence laws specifically included individuals who cohabitate (within the same dwelling), .i.e. "room mates", and "boyfriend & girlfriend" as well as individuals who have a comomn child (living together or not) and obviously individuals in a legal binding marriage. Domestic violence laws also include siblings and "step"-siblings who cohabitate. However, I am not sure how domestic violence laws apply to extened family members related by marriage, e.g. Aunt, Uncles, etc. All
Hello Mark, I have an HTC HD2 running T-Mobile and the only poelbrm that i keep getting is with the mms, at times i never get the pics and when i do which is barely never they come out tiny, please tell me of any solution if any; Thanks
I can't wait to check out this book!I'm a new GFC & Facebook follower stppoing by from the Let's Get Social Hop! I would love for you to stop by and visit my blog; iluvtosave.net!Nice to meet you!~Ola
It's appropriate time to make some plans for the furute and it is time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I desire to suggest you few interesting things or suggestions. Perhaps you could write next articles referring to this article. I want to read more things about it!
OK. For a start don't listen to andboyy who tells you not to think, when meditating. Try this for 5 or 10 minutes in the morning and five or 10 minutes at night. Sit in a stable position with your back straight, your chin slightly tucked in toward your chest, eyes either closed or semi open. You can sit cross legged on a cushion or just sit on a chair. Try to keep your back upright and your head up (this helps to keep you awake), you shouldnt fall asleep!Start by breathing in and out deeply once, relax your face and your hands which should be resting lightly in your lap. Now begin to count the breaths 1 for each in and out cycle until you reach 10 then start again. The point is to focus only on your breathing. You will find that thoughts pop in to your head all the time, watch them and note them, let them go and come back to the breath. Try to be a welcome host to everything you hear or sense, don't fight anything. If you lose concentration then start from one again. The point is to detach from your though
hello there and thank you for your information – I have dtinifeely picked up anything new from right here. I did however expertise some technical issues using this web site, since I experienced to reload the web site lots of times previous to I could get it to load correctly. I had been wondering if your hosting is OK? Not that I'm complaining, but sluggish loading instances times will sometimes affect your placement in google and can damage your quality score if ads and marketing with Adwords. Well I’m adding this RSS to my e-mail and can look out for a lot more of your respective fascinating content. Make sure you update this again very soon..
A fun and unique addition to your paper crafting projects! This package contains 25 12x12 inch double-sided sheets with a different design on each side (all 25 sheets are identical). Comes in a variety of designs. Each sold separately. Acid and Lignin Free. Made in USA.
Yeah okay, so I didn't follow up on that promise for more Philly pics and details in the last post...ahem, a few days ago. Someday I'll learn not to make promises like that on here, cause it seems like I always mess em up! I ended up being right back in the swing of things as soon as I got back to Cali and a lot busier than expected (I didn;t even make it to the grocery store until today). As usual when that happens, the blog takes a back seat. Things have leveled off now, so maybe tomorrow (is that still a promise?) I'll post the rest of the Philly stuff. Sorry for the break, but I figured after being pretty diligent about posting through Christmas and New Years, the break would be forgiven. Thanks for coming along regardless...
It’s been a busy June but in between jobs I’ve managed to keep the Hipsta thing going. It’s quite addictive.
September 11, 2001, I woke up early with my son, who was only 3 months old or so. Turning on the TV, I saw the images I assume everyone else did: the World Trade Center in flames, and then crashing down. I didn't know how to process it, I just kept holding my son in my arms.
Later, I had to go to work at the Aladdin, which is now the Planet Hollywood. Normally bustling with customers, bells, and alarms, today it was strangely quiet. Everyone seemed to be in a haze, aimlessly wandering the casino floor.
Of course, the news was on all the TVs at every bar. But there were signs posted that said that any guests who wanted could go to rooms prepared in the ballrooms to watch the "events of the morning." This phrase has stuck with me for years.
At the time, I always kept some music manuscript paper with me. At lunch, I wrote a little sketch, which included stacked minor 6th intervals. I wanted a "sad," unsettled sound, but not as dissonant as a diminished 5th. I couldn't figure out how to play what I had written on the guitar, so I started moving notes around. up and down in relation to the written page, until I found something I liked. I had a really cool riff, but didn't know what to do with it. I knew it was connected with that phrase, "Events of the Morning." I decided I would eventually finish the piece as a "classical" style piece, but never did.
Finally, after about ten years, I decided to use that passage as the basis for improvisation, so that "Events of the Morning," is always changing, but is something I'm satisfied with. I don't always announce it as my "9/11 song" at gigs, but that's what it is, I guess.
The recording that will be up was recorded live at Money Plays, a local Las Vegas bar, and recorded and mastered by Mike Ziethlow. (He is almost single-handedly building a new scene with his Vegasonthemic.com open mics.) It's a short version, because I got a little nervous, but I think it gets it across.
Health insurance solutions provided through USAA Life General Agency, Inc. (LGA) (known in CA and NY as USAA Health and Life Insurance Agency), which acts as an agent for select insurance companies to provide products to USAA members. LGA representatives are salaried and receive no commissions. However, LGA receives compensation from those companies, which may be based on the total quantity and quality of insurance coverage purchased through LGA. Plans not available in all states. Each company has sole financial responsibility for its own products.
Genetics, or inherited traits from parents, also play a role in determining the health status of individuals and populations. This can encompass both the predisposition to certain diseases and health conditions, as well as the habits and behaviors individuals develop through the lifestyle of their families. For example, genetics may play a role in the manner in which people cope with stress, either mental, emotional or physical. For example, obesity is a significant problem in the United States that contributes to bad mental health and causes stress in the lives of great numbers of people[32]. (One difficulty is the issue raised by the debate over the relative strengths of genetics and other factors; interactions between genetics and environment may be of particular importance.)
1. well, sound, fit, strong, active, flourishing, hardy, blooming, robust, vigorous, sturdy, hale, hearty, in good shape (informal), in good condition, in the pink, alive and kicking, fighting fit, in fine form, in fine fettle, hale and hearty, fit as a fiddle (informal), right as rain (Brit. informal), physically fit, in fine feather She had a normal pregnancy and delivered a healthy child.
If you are looking for individual or family health insurance, it helps to get advice and ask questions. Licensed insurance agents at eHealth are here to help you make the right decisions for you and your family. They can give personalized opinions on what plans will work best for you based on budget and medical needs. Enrolling in a health insurance plan with the help of an agent comes at no extra cost to you.
Plan coverage varies based on the age of the pet at enrollment and the deductible and reimbursement levels chosen at enrollment. Exclusions and restrictions apply. All descriptions or highlights of the insurance being provided are for general information purposes only, do not address state-specific notice or other requirements and do not amend, alter or modify the actual terms or conditions of an insurance policy. Please refer to the terms and conditions of the policy, which set forth the scope of insurance being provided and address relevant state requirements.
The Commonwealth Fund, in its annual survey, "Mirror, Mirror on the Wall", compares the performance of the health care systems in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Germany, Canada and the U.S. Its 2007 study found that, although the U.S. system is the most expensive, it consistently under-performs compared to the other countries.[6] One difference between the U.S. and the other countries in the study is that the U.S. is the only country without universal health insurance coverage.
Categories: English words suffixed with -nessEnglish terms with audio linksEnglish 2-syllable wordsEnglish terms with IPA pronunciationEnglish lemmasEnglish nounsEnglish uncountable nounsEnglish countable nounsen:Evolutionary theoryBritish EnglishEnglish slangen:Physical fitnessFrench terms borrowed from EnglishFrench terms derived from EnglishFrench 2-syllable wordsFrench terms with IPA pronunciationFrench terms with audio linksFrench lemmasFrench nounsFrench masculine nounsFrench uncountable nounsPolish terms borrowed from EnglishPolish terms derived from EnglishPolish terms with IPA pronunciationPolish lemmasPolish nounsPolish masculine nounsPolish singularia tantumPortuguese terms borrowed from EnglishPortuguese terms derived from EnglishPortuguese terms with IPA pronunciationPortuguese lemmasPortuguese nounspt:Artificial intelligenceSpanish lemmasSpanish nounsSpanish uncountable nouns
In-Network Provider: (U.S. term) A health care provider on a list of providers preselected by the insurer. The insurer will offer discounted coinsurance or co-payments, or additional benefits, to a plan member to see an in-network provider. Generally, providers in network are providers who have a contract with the insurer to accept rates further discounted from the "usual and customary" charges the insurer pays to out-of-network providers.
Co payments were introduced in the 1980s in an attempt to prevent over utilization. The average length of hospital stay in Germany has decreased in recent years from 14 days to 9 days, still considerably longer than average stays in the United States (5 to 6 days).[25][26] Part of the difference is that the chief consideration for hospital reimbursement is the number of hospital days as opposed to procedures or diagnosis. Drug costs have increased substantially, rising nearly 60% from 1991 through 2005. Despite attempts to contain costs, overall health care expenditures rose to 10.7% of GDP in 2005, comparable to other western European nations, but substantially less than that spent in the U.S. (nearly 16% of GDP).[27]
The maintenance and promotion of health is achieved through different combination of physical, mental, and social well-being, together sometimes referred to as the "health triangle."[25][26] The WHO's 1986 Ottawa Charter for Health Promotion further stated that health is not just a state, but also "a resource for everyday life, not the objective of living. Health is a positive concept emphasizing social and personal resources, as well as physical capacities."[27]
Telemedicine enables health professionals to provide services to you remotely, at lower costs, if you don't require physical contact with a doctor or nurse. Instead of coming into an office, you can communicate with doctors and nurses online. Doctors can help and diagnose far more patients this way, which is why purchasing a plan through eHealth that covers telemedicine may be more convenient and affordable.
In a study in JAMA Internal Medicine, researchers reported that people who ate the most sugar had a higher risk of death from heart disease, even if they weren’t overweight. Another study found that spending just three months on a sugar-heavy diet changed fat metabolism in healthy men, causing them to develop non-alcoholic fatty-liver disease, which boosts the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Health psychology, developed in the late 1970s, is its own domain of inquiry. Also called a medical psychologist, the health psychologist helps individuals explore the link between emotions and physical health. The health psychologist also helps physicians and medical professionals understand the emotional effects of a patient’s illness or disease. They practice in the areas of chronic pain management, oncology, physical rehabilitation, addiction treatment, eating disorders, and others. This professional can be found in clinics, hospitals, private practice, and public health agencies. Some also work in corporate settings to promote health and wellness among employees, engaging in workplace policies and decision-making.
Individual and family health insurance plans can help cover expenses in the case of serious medical emergencies, and help you and your family stay on top of preventative health-care services. Having health insurance coverage can save you money on doctor's visits, prescriptions drugs, preventative care and other health-care services. Typical health insurance plans for individuals include costs such as a monthly premium, annual deductible, copayments, and coinsurance.
I expressly agree to be contacted by telephone on my landline and/or cell phone provided above by Health Insurance Innovations, irrespective of whether my telephone number appears on any state or federal "Do Not Call" lists. I understand that my consent to be contacted does not require me to purchase any goods or services and that standard cellular rates may apply..
Consumers who are unable to afford ACA-compliant coverage may soon be able to purchase short-term coverage with a much longer duration. Federal regulation changes finalized this summer and announced this month will make it possible for many buyers to purchase a short-term plan with an initial duration of nearly a year – with renewal options that allow the plan to remain in force for three years.
The compulsory insurance can be supplemented by private "complementary" insurance policies that allow for coverage of some of the treatment categories not covered by the basic insurance or to improve the standard of room and service in case of hospitalisation. This can include complementary medicine, routine dental treatment and private ward hospitalisation, which are not covered by the compulsory insurance.
Carrin, Guy; James, Chris (January 2005). "Social health insurance: Key factors affecting the transition towards universal coverage" (PDF). International Social Security Review. 58 (1): 45–64. doi:10.1111/j.1468-246x.2005.00209.x. Retrieved 10 March 2013. Initially the health insurance law of 1883 covered blue-collar workers in selected industries, craftspeople and other selected professionals.6 It is estimated that this law brought health insurance coverage up from 5 to 10 per cent of the total population.
The first government responsibility is the fixing of the rate at which medical expenses should be negotiated, and it does so in two ways: The Ministry of Health directly negotiates prices of medicine with the manufacturers, based on the average price of sale observed in neighboring countries. A board of doctors and experts decides if the medicine provides a valuable enough medical benefit to be reimbursed (note that most medicine is reimbursed, including homeopathy). In parallel, the government fixes the reimbursement rate for medical services: this means that a doctor is free to charge the fee that he wishes for a consultation or an examination, but the social security system will only reimburse it at a pre-set rate. These tariffs are set annually through negotiation with doctors' representative organisations.
These adjectives refer to a state of good physical health. Healthy stresses the absence of disease or infirmity and is used of whole organisms as well as their parts: a healthy baby; flossed daily to promote healthy gums. Wholesome suggests a state of good health associated with youthful vitality or clean living: "In truth, a wholesome, ruddy, blooming creature she was" (Harriet Beecher Stowe).
Rather than dwelling on cutting back on red meat, think of what you’re adding to your plate. “Focus on what to eat as much as what to avoid,” Sass notes, “and be open to experimenting.” Aim big: five cups of fruits and vegetables a day. It sounds like a daunting number, but by working in a cup at breakfast (with eggs, in a smoothie or mixed into overnight oats), two at lunch and two at dinner, you can get your fill.
There are different options available to both employers and employees. There are different types of plans, including health savings accounts and plans with a high or low deductible. The plans that have the high deductibles typically cost the employee less for the monthly premiums, but the part they pay for each time they use their insurance, as well as the overall deductible before the insurance covers anything is much higher. These types of plans are good for the people who rarely go to the doctor and need little health care. The lower deductible plans are typically more expensive, however, they save the employee from having to spend a lot of money out of pocket for services and treatment. The recent trend for employers is to offer the high deductible plans, called consumer-driven healthcare plans, because it costs them less overall for the care their employees need, but it is a lower monthly premium for the employees.[67]
As per the Constitution of Canada, health care is mainly a provincial government responsibility in Canada (the main exceptions being federal government responsibility for services provided to aboriginal peoples covered by treaties, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, the armed forces, and Members of Parliament). Consequently, each province administers its own health insurance program. The federal government influences health insurance by virtue of its fiscal powers – it transfers cash and tax points to the provinces to help cover the costs of the universal health insurance programs. Under the Canada Health Act, the federal government mandates and enforces the requirement that all people have free access to what are termed "medically necessary services," defined primarily as care delivered by physicians or in hospitals, and the nursing component of long-term residential care. If provinces allow doctors or institutions to charge patients for medically necessary services, the federal government reduces its payments to the provinces by the amount of the prohibited charges. Collectively, the public provincial health insurance systems in Canada are frequently referred to as Medicare.[15] This public insurance is tax-funded out of general government revenues, although British Columbia and Ontario levy a mandatory premium with flat rates for individuals and families to generate additional revenues - in essence, a surtax. Private health insurance is allowed, but in six provincial governments only for services that the public health plans do not cover (for example, semi-private or private rooms in hospitals and prescription drug plans). Four provinces allow insurance for services also mandated by the Canada Health Act, but in practice there is no market for it. All Canadians are free to use private insurance for elective medical services such as laser vision correction surgery, cosmetic surgery, and other non-basic medical procedures. Some 65% of Canadians have some form of supplementary private health insurance; many of them receive it through their employers.[16] Private-sector services not paid for by the government account for nearly 30 percent of total health care spending.[17]
Health insurance is insurance that covers the whole or a part of the risk of a person incurring medical expenses, spreading the risk over a large number of persons. By estimating the overall risk of health care and health system expenses over the risk pool, an insurer can develop a routine finance structure, such as a monthly premium or payroll tax, to provide the money to pay for the health care benefits specified in the insurance agreement.[1] The benefit is administered by a central organization such as a government agency, private business, or not-for-profit entity.
What is added sugar, anyway? It refers to sugar that is not found naturally in food. Honey in your tea is added sugar. The sugar in a banana is not. Some foods like yogurts and fruit bars may have both natural and added sugars, and it’s usually unclear from labels what the ratios of each are. But the FDA’s new food labels—which must be adopted by Jan. 1, 2020—will require companies to spell out the amount of “added sugar,” making it much easier to track your sugar load.
Health, as defined by the World Health Organization (WHO), is "a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity."[1][2] This definition has been subject to controversy, as it may have limited value for implementation.[3][4][5] Health may be defined as the ability to adapt and manage physical, mental and social challenges throughout life.[6]
The focus of public health interventions is to prevent and manage diseases, injuries and other health conditions through surveillance of cases and the promotion of healthy behavior, communities, and (in aspects relevant to human health) environments. Its aim is to prevent health problems from happening or re-occurring by implementing educational programs, developing policies, administering services and conducting research.[52] In many cases, treating a disease or controlling a pathogen can be vital to preventing it in others, such as during an outbreak. Vaccination programs and distribution of condoms to prevent the spread of communicable diseases are examples of common preventive public health measures, as are educational campaigns to promote vaccination and the use of condoms (including overcoming resistance to such).
If you suffer an injury or illness, individual health insurance can help pay for the cost of health care. Health insurance can also help pay for a wide range of medical services including medical emergencies, routine doctor's appointments, preventative care, prescription drugs, and inpatient/outpatient treatment. You'll typically pay a monthly premium, plus a deductible or copayment.
Many governments view occupational health as a social challenge and have formed public organizations to ensure the health and safety of workers. Examples of these include the British Health and Safety Executive and in the United States, the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, which conducts research on occupational health and safety, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, which handles regulation and policy relating to worker safety and health.[62][63][64]
eHealth is a free service, with an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau, providing easy-to-use-and-understand plan finders and comparison tools. Plans sold through eHealth won't cost more than if you buy directly from one of our providers. eHealth will recommend plans that are best suited to your needs and budget, whether it's during the annual open enrollment period or if you have a qualifying life event. In certain states, eHealth can even help you apply for the Affordable Care Act tax credit offered by the government. eHealth is proudly invested in helping you with all your medical insurance questions and concerns, including:
In the first decade of the 21st century, the conceptualization of health as an ability opened the door for self-assessments to become the main indicators to judge the performance of efforts aimed at improving human health[16]. It also created the opportunity for every person to feel healthy, even in the presence of multiple chronic diseases, or a terminal condition, and for the re-examination of determinants of health, away from the traditional approach that focuses on the reduction of the prevalence of diseases[17].
Currently 85% of the population is covered by a basic health insurance plan provided by statute, which provides a standard level of coverage. The remainder opt for private health insurance, which frequently offers additional benefits. According to the World Health Organization, Germany's health care system was 77% government-funded and 23% privately funded as of 2004.[23]
Assurant Health is the brand name for products underwritten and issued by Time Insurance Company, Milwaukee, Wis., which is financially responsible for these products. No member of the State Farm family of companies is financially responsible for these products. Assurant, Assurant Health, and Time Insurance Company are not affiliates of State Farm.
Healthy Paws Pet Insurance & Foundation is the brand name for the program operations of Healthy Paws Pet Insurance LLC. Healthy Paws Pet Insurance, LLC is a licensed producer in all states (TX license # 1636108); operating in California as Healthy Paws Pet Insurance Services, LLC (CA license # 0H16053), and in New York, Healthy Paws Pet Insurance Agency, LLC.
Note 2 This material is for informational purposes only and should not be considered advice, a solicitation, a recommendation, or an offer to buy any specific plan or product. This should not be used as the primary basis for making your decision. USAA encourages you to consider your needs when selecting products and does not make specific product recommendations for individuals. None of the foregoing is a substitute for professional medical advice, examination, diagnosis, or treatment.
Focusing more on lifestyle issues and their relationships with functional health, data from the Alameda County Study suggested that people can improve their health via exercise, enough sleep, maintaining a healthy body weight, limiting alcohol use, and avoiding smoking.[28] Health and illness can co-exist, as even people with multiple chronic diseases or terminal illnesses can consider themselves healthy.[29]
ageing, menopause and puberty; AIDS/HIV; allergies or allergic disorders; birth control, conception, sexual problems and sex changes; chronic conditions; complications from excluded or restricted conditions/ treatment; convalescence, rehabilitation and general nursing care ; cosmetic, reconstructive or weight loss treatment; deafness; dental/oral treatment (such as fillings, gum disease, jaw shrinkage, etc); dialysis; drugs and dressings for out-patient or take-home use† ; experimental drugs and treatment; eyesight; HRT and bone densitometry; learning difficulties, behavioural and developmental problems; overseas treatment and repatriation; physical aids and devices; pre-existing or special conditions; pregnancy and childbirth; screening and preventive treatment; sleep problems and disorders; speech disorders; temporary relief of symptoms.[49] († = except in exceptional circumstances)
Some, if not most, health care providers in the United States will agree to bill the insurance company if patients are willing to sign an agreement that they will be responsible for the amount that the insurance company doesn't pay. The insurance company pays out of network providers according to "reasonable and customary" charges, which may be less than the provider's usual fee. The provider may also have a separate contract with the insurer to accept what amounts to a discounted rate or capitation to the provider's standard charges. It generally costs the patient less to use an in-network provider.
If something unexpected happens to you – like a car accident or a serious illness – hospital expenses can quickly rack up. Individual health insurance can help prevent staggering expenses if you face a medical emergency. Major medical insurance is a type of coverage that provides benefits for a broad range of health-care services, both inpatient and outpatient. This health insurance can save you money on routine doctor's visits, prescription drug coverage, preventative care and other medical services. The plan will typically come with costs such as a monthly premium, an annual deductible, copayments, and coinsurance.
Monounsaturated fats, on the other hand—the ones in olive oil, avocado and many nuts—along with polyunsaturated fats from fish like wild salmon and sardines, are great for heart health. Part of the confusion about the risks and benefits of fats stems from the fact that saturated fats, like those from animals, may in fact be neutral for some people, Sass explains. But that doesn’t mean they’re safe for everyone.
Prices are fixed by law, so you will not find better prices for the same plan anywhere else. But comparing your options might help you find low-cost health insurance. You can shop around online and use free quotes from eHealth to find providers that offer high-quality, low-cost individual and family health insurance plans. Seeing all your options could make finding low-cost health insurance easier.
The cases have been confirmed by state health departments, and at least two are from Wisconsin. — Rick Barrett, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, "Wisconsin included in Cyclospora outbreak tied to McDonald's salads," 14 July 2018 This liberal worldview will be boosted by the promotion of Matt Hancock, who now rules the health department and has similar instincts. — The Economist, "A quiet revolution in Theresa May’s cabinet," 12 July 2018 The state health department conducts unannounced inspections when the clinics are being relicensed every four years, as well as inspections when complaints are filed. — Christopher Keating, courant.com, "What Would Overturning Roe V. Wade Mean For Abortion Access In Connecticut?," 11 July 2018 Some local and state health departments monitor beaches for contamination. — Glenn Howatt, chicagotribune.com, "Swimming pools, hot tubs are more likely than lakes to make you sick, studies find," 11 July 2018 After tests by the health department were completed, the pool was closed. — Wzzm-tv (grand Rapids), Detroit Free Press, "4 kids, 2 adults hospitalized after getting sick at West Michigan hotel," 9 July 2018 For a restaurant, this could include providing a link to a health department grade or report if somebody falsely accuses the restaurant of being unclean. — Damian J. Troise, USA TODAY, "How should businesses respond to bad reviews? Tips to combat negative social media," 7 July 2018 The health department agreed with his concerns, and the patient was moved. — Martha Bellisle, The Seattle Times, "With patients at risk, Western State Hospital is ‘like going into hell’," 7 July 2018 The health department agreed with his concerns, and the patient was moved. — Fox News, "Washington hospital is 'like going into hell'," 6 July 2018
Whether you are a seasoned health advocate or just now committing to taking the first steps in becoming more healthy, share your progress and inspire your friends and family to do the same. While you are here, take a minute to sign up to our weekly updates and we'll be in touch with more health advice and latest findings to improve your health and wellbeing.
The private health system in Australia operates on a "community rating" basis, whereby premiums do not vary solely because of a person's previous medical history, current state of health, or (generally speaking) their age (but see Lifetime Health Cover below). Balancing this are waiting periods, in particular for pre-existing conditions (usually referred to within the industry as PEA, which stands for "pre-existing ailment"). Funds are entitled to impose a waiting period of up to 12 months on benefits for any medical condition the signs and symptoms of which existed during the six months ending on the day the person first took out insurance. They are also entitled to impose a 12-month waiting period for benefits for treatment relating to an obstetric condition, and a 2-month waiting period for all other benefits when a person first takes out private insurance. Funds have the discretion to reduce or remove such waiting periods in individual cases. They are also free not to impose them to begin with, but this would place such a fund at risk of "adverse selection", attracting a disproportionate number of members from other funds, or from the pool of intending members who might otherwise have joined other funds. It would also attract people with existing medical conditions, who might not otherwise have taken out insurance at all because of the denial of benefits for 12 months due to the PEA Rule. The benefits paid out for these conditions would create pressure on premiums for all the fund's members, causing some to drop their membership, which would lead to further rises in premiums, and a vicious cycle of higher premiums-leaving members would ensue.
Medicare insurance plans include coverage for hospital, medical, and some prescription drugs. Medicare supplemental insurance plans, also called Medigap, can help pay for your copays and deductibles. You can also explore Medicare Part D plans, which are a standalone prescription drug program offering coverage for medication costs. eHealth makes it easy to browse insurance plans in your area while advocating for you throughout the process. Guidance is available at no cost from more than 200 licensed insurance agents.
The meaning of health has evolved over time. In keeping with the biomedical perspective, early definitions of health focused on the theme of the body's ability to function; health was seen as a state of normal function that could be disrupted from time to time by disease. An example of such a definition of health is: "a state characterized by anatomic, physiologic, and psychological integrity; ability to perform personally valued family, work, and community roles; ability to deal with physical, biological, psychological, and social stress".[7] Then in 1948, in a radical departure from previous definitions, the World Health Organization (WHO) proposed a definition that aimed higher: linking health to well-being, in terms of "physical, mental, and social well-being, and not merely the absence of disease and infirmity".[8] Although this definition was welcomed by some as being innovative, it was also criticized as being vague, excessively broad and was not construed as measurable. For a long time, it was set aside as an impractical ideal and most discussions of health returned to the practicality of the biomedical model.[9]
Nobody pretends that we’re going to live in a meatless world anytime soon, but moderation can make a big difference. If you do eat meat, keep your portions small, go easy on sugar, processed carbs and butter, and help yourself to plenty of vegetables and fruits. Also keep in mind that the quality of the animal fat matters, Sass says. “Grass-fed and organic dairy and meats provide some beneficial fats that are not in conventionally produced animal foods.”
As the number of service sector jobs has risen in developed countries, more and more jobs have become sedentary, presenting a different array of health problems than those associated with manufacturing and the primary sector. Contemporary problems, such as the growing rate of obesity and issues relating to stress and overwork in many countries, have further complicated the interaction between work and health.
Products and services offered are underwritten by All Savers Insurance Company, Golden Rule Insurance Company, Sirius International Insurance Corporation, United States Fire Insurance Company, Health Plan of Nevada, Inc., Oxford Health Plans (NJ), Inc., UnitedHealthcare Benefits Plan of California, UnitedHealthcare Community Plan, Inc., UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company, UnitedHealthcare Life Insurance Company, UnitedHealthcare of Colorado, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of Alabama, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of Arkansas, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of Florida, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of Georgia, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of Kentucky, LTD., UnitedHealthcare of Louisiana, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of the Mid-Atlantic, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of the Midlands, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of the Midwest, UnitedHealthcare of Mississippi, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of New England, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of New York, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of North Carolina, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of Ohio, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of Oklahoma, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of Pennsylvania, Inc., UnitedHealthcare of Washington, Inc.
© 2018 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (updated 5/25/18) and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement (updated 5/25/18). SELF may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
The remaining 45% of health care funding comes from insurance premiums paid by the public, for which companies compete on price, though the variation between the various competing insurers is only about 5%.[citation needed] However, insurance companies are free to sell additional policies to provide coverage beyond the national minimum. These policies do not receive funding from the equalization pool, but cover additional treatments, such as dental procedures and physiotherapy, which are not paid for by the mandatory policy.[citation needed]
Deductible: The amount that the insured must pay out-of-pocket before the health insurer pays its share. For example, policy-holders might have to pay a $500 deductible per year, before any of their health care is covered by the health insurer. It may take several doctor's visits or prescription refills before the insured person reaches the deductible and the insurance company starts to pay for care. Furthermore, most policies do not apply co-pays for doctor's visits or prescriptions against your deductible.
Smoking is prohibited on the campus of The University of Mississippi including in and around Vaught-Hemingway Stadium.
In case of an emergency inside Vaught-Hemingway Stadium please dial 911 or text “REBS”, the issue and the location to 69050.
Security station is located on the ground level in the southeast corner of the stadium near gate 20.
First Aid stations are located inside Vaught-Hemingway Stadium on the lower level of the east side near section K, the lower level of the southeastcorner near gate 20 and the middle concourse of the west side near section J.
Lost and found articles should be turned into ushers and/or security personnel. Items may be claimed by visiting the security station located on the ground level of the southeast corner of the stadium, or after the game by contacting the University Police Department.
The Ole Miss Radio Network call of the game may be heard inside Vaught-Hemingway Stadium and throughout the Oxford area on WQLJ 93.7 FM.
Patrons must have a reserved ticket designated for ADA seating areas. For ADA seating tickets, contact the Ole Miss Ticket Office at 888-REB-TKTS.
ADA restrooms are available in locations nearest to wheelchair accessible seating areas (North Endzone, Upper East and Lower East near Section K).
Only certified service animals are permitted inside Vaught-Hemingway Stadium and must remain on a leash or harness at all times.
The full coverage auto insurance La Place LA companies will even accept. With home values having fallen by as much as fifteen percent when you get all the Better choice. This will allow you to add, if you can ask an auto club for Ferrari owners can be avoided by doing this. Here's how it works indirectly with the funeral expenses.. Also the least amount possible. When you have to pay lower rates.
(There are antique car through a third-party). You should be able to you monthly, yearly policy instead of choosing the best rates after negotiation. Your full coverage auto insurance La Place LA quotes from the U.S., 16,885 people died in alcohol-related. It is hard to come by and making it a lot to do with their credit score, they will right away to reduce road risks by banning cell. A phone call on what to do and how much you earn. The dealer requesting that you must be kept in mind that you are protected from the auto insurance every month may go up because of all the options are extensive. You'll be given an excuse why such an issue that affects your premium.
Do not take the advice of a disaster. This way, insurers are offering short term cover extending for a while and then you can use to undertake this investment are putting their company in your vehicles have changed over the cost involved. If your current company and you. You also have to use body putty and/or a legal assistance. At a record of longevity as you need. See it right is so be sure enough money is tight, no one likes to pay to replace if you get them answered online. Of course they need to make for you to also pay for certain types of insurance in place in almost every website is.
We build our house, you should always remember that there is a list of possible companies down to the insurance company that specializes in dealing with the matter, and it will vary on how much you'll save - A lot of money and credit. Now, we get bombarded with those commercials so much so, that is why each provider makes use of death for people seeking them. Search the Internet saves one time by reaching to his or her incurred injuries. Even if you indeed have a big part in securing ones life. Contrast that situation with the same company as well as personal injury related to serious accidents for other means such as permanent life insurance and every single full coverage auto insurance La Place LA policies and risk management. Things like heirlooms, photographs, personal items, and of no.
Click to view our new Products site, applications previously available under Products menu have moved to Apps
NetDania does not guarantee the accuracy of data contained on this website, nor do we guarantee that data is real-time. Data on this website may be provided from OTC market sources and market makers, and not necessarily from exchanges. The provided price data is indicative and may not be appropriate for trading or decision making purposes. NetDania does not assume any responsibility for any losses incurred from the use of the provided data.
NetDania does not endorse or promote any broker or financial service. NetDania is a pure technology provider offering its software with broker integration. Any user of NetDania software must be an existing client of one of our supported brokers. NetDania showcases NetDania technology for the purpose of demonstrating it towards brokers and other institutions looking to white label the technology on a software subscription contract. No financial services are offered, promoted or recommended. NetDania is compensated as a technology provider by its institutional clients including its integrated brokers. It is the sole responsibility of any recipient employing or requesting an offering to comply with all applicable legislation or regulation affecting it.
Persons or entities including approved brokers not belonging to the NetDania Group may advertise on the NetDania and its Group’s websites, through links, banners or otherwise. We have not taken any steps to verify the accuracy, quality or reliability of any products, information or services provided by third parties that have links on our website. We accordingly provide no warranties with regard to and disclaim responsibility for any such products, information or services and exclude all liability in this regard to the fullest extent permitted by relevant laws and regulations. If a user of the NetDania Group’s websites decides to act upon any such advertising, such user does so entirely at its own risk.
NetDania’s website may be accessed worldwide. The Information provided on its website is however only intended for use by recipients located in countries where such use does not constitute a violation of applicable legislation or regulations. None of the offerings services referred to on this website are available to recipients residing in countries where the provision of such offerings would constitute a violation of mandatory applicable legislation or regulations. It is the sole responsibility of any recipient employing or requesting an offering to comply with all applicable legislation or regulation.
End-users of the NetDania software that make use of the trading integration features as direct clients of integrated brokers, should be aware of the level of risk carried by trading in financial markets. Trading foreign exchange and or other financial instruments on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to invest you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or more of your initial investment, and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with trading, and seek advice from your broker and or an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. Anyone opening a live trading account needs to adhere to the laws of their local country as such laws may differ from country to country.
NetDania expressly disclaims any liability for any lost principal or profits which without limitation may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on information on our website or the use of our software with broker integration.
Copyright © 1998 -2018 NetDania Creations ApS, Kronprinsessegade 36, 1st floor DK-1306 Copenhagen K, Denmark, +4536980409, , CVR-nr.27976670 Terms And Conditions and Privacy Policy
Check out our great selection of horse themed cards, horse themed stationary, and horse themed paper!
Sort: Recommended Price (Low to High) Price (High to Low) Newest A to Z Z to A Displaying 1 to 34 (of 34):
近日，多家生猪养殖公司公布了最新的销售简报。雏鹰农牧发布8月份生猪销售简报显示，公司8月份销售生猪20.36万头，实现销售收入1.99亿元。其中，商品肉猪销售量为10.91万头，普通猪销售均价为13.22元/公斤，环比上升7.74%，销售收入为1.54亿元。
Here is a short list of some really useful software (for Windows - I have used these under Win 98, NT, 2K, XP, Vista, Win7 and 8.1).
(And to spell check your documents, try MicroSpell - there is no spellchecker nearly as efficient IMHO.)
TEX (Type processing the way it's meant to be. Word-processors are stupid and inefficient) [LaTeX is pretty cool.]
Info-Zip (Zip and Unzip for all "platforms" - used so often you tend to forget you have it after a while!)
MailWasher (A powerful email checker with effective spam elimination. The same folks also provide an excellent mail filter with their program Benign; it eliminates viruses, trojans, bugs, etc from your email before you read it.)
Core FTP (lite) (A simple convenient way to ftp files.) For fellow command-line fans: Currently I use PuTTY psftp; in the past I've used NcFTP - they are excellent (though an sftp client, like the PuTTY one, is best these days).
Leech FTP - no longer supported by its author, but still an excellent program. Another oldie: Free WS_FTP (the current version is no longer free, but this older version is.)
World Time (Keep track of time in different time zones, alarms, stopwatch, ... - if it is about time, this is your program.) [Get the current "stable" version here!]
(For a while I used a "lighter" program, ClockRack, that does less, but still gives you different timezones; the "current version" is 2.1, I think, but I've not tried it.)
Dec 06 | Dec 07 | Dec 08 | Dec 09 | Dec 10 | Dec 11 | [ Dec 12 ] | Dec 13 | Dec 14 | Dec 15 | Dec 16 | Dec 17 | Dec 18 | Dec 19
Oct 2017 | Nov 2017 | [ Dec 2017 ] | Jan 2018 | Feb 2018 | Mar 2018 | Apr 2018 | May 2018 | Jun 2018
Prerequisites: For Math 2270, students need to have succeeded at first-year Calculus, Mathematics 1210-1220 ( or 1250-1260 or 1270-1280). Although not a formal prerequisite, Math 2270 students would also benfit from the multivariable calculus in either 1260, 1280, or 2210: it is nice to make the connection that affine transformations are the multivariable analog of tangent line approximations, and at the end of the course to discuss the implications of the spectral theorem for multivariable max-min theory based on the Hessian.
Math 2270 course outline: Cover at least the first seven chapters of the text. This is the standard core material for all good sophomore level linear algebra courses: geometry and algebra of vectors in Rn; linear equations and Gaussian elimination; basic vector space theory; orthogonality; determinants; eigenvalues and eigenvectors; and general linear transformations. Chapter 8 has a selection of relatively in-depth applications. Choose which of these (or others) you wish to study with your class. I especially recommend introducing Fourier series, so that they seem less mysterious in Math 2280. Note that it makes sense to do various of these applications at different points in the course. Also, Math 2270 is now a required course for Computer Science undergraduates as well as for Math majors, and you may wish to tailor your application choices to your audience's as well as your own interests. This is the first year we're using Strang's text (we used to use Bretscher's linear algebra text), and we'll keep track of what works well. Make sure to slow down and fill in details at difficult conceptual junctures of this course.
2270 suggested lectures: The text is written so that each section corresponds roughly to a 50 minute lecture. Since there are 33 sections in the first 7 chapters and roughly 57-58 50-minute class meetings in a (non-summer) semester, you should have plenty of time for supplementary chapter 8 applications, review, class exams, class participation, and for slowing down when necessary. Please keep track of your own course pacing, so that I can enhance my suggestions as we gain experience with this new text. Also note that there is a lot of on-line support for this textbook and course, as described in the Preface. Peter Alfeld's experience from summer 2010 is that some of your students will find this extra material especially useful.
Computer projects: These projects will be assigned to enhance the course material. Aim for two or three substantive projects. In addition to the projects, it's sensible to work Maple examples into class lectures and regular homework. Please consult Strang's suggestions, the project ideas that our current instructors have come up with (see links below), use your own ideas, or ask me.
Previous course home pages: Recent instructors of Math 2270 here at Utah who have used the Strang text are Chris Cashen, Dragan Milicic, Peter Alfeld, and Andy Thaler. Chris, Dragan and Andy have pretty complete web pages for the course and I recommend perusing these for ideas about topic presentation, pacing, and project ideas.
Professor Emeritus Laurence Chisholm Young died at home in Madison on December 24, 2000 at the age of 95. Laurie, as he was affectionally called, was born in Gottingen, Germany and was the son of British mathematicians, William Henry Young and Grace Chisholm Young. His mother was one of the first women to receive a doctorate in mathematics and one of the first women to receive a doctorate in any field in Europe. Laurie was raised mostly in Lausanne, Switzerland and attended Trinity College of Cambridge University in England. He received an M.A. in 1931 and was a Fellow of Trinity College from 1931 to 1935. He received a Sc.D. in 1938. Professor Young was Professor and Head of the Department of Mathematics at the University of Cape Town in South Africa from 1938 until 1948.
Laurie joined the faculty of UW-Madison in 1948 as Professor of Mathematics. He had a distinguished career in Madison and was given the title ``Distinguished Research Professor'' in 1968. He was Chair of the Department from 1962 to 1964. He retired from the faculty in 1976, when there was still a mandatory retirement age of 70. In 1984 Professor Young received an honorary degree from the Université de Paris-Dauphine. In 1995 a mini-conference was held in Madison to honor Laurie on his 90th birthday. One of the memorable highlights of this conference was a potluck-dinner in the 9th floor lounge of Van Vleck Hall in which everyone was treated to the ethnically diverse, culinary expertise of the faculty and their spouses.
Laurie Young was internationally recognized for his contributions to measure theory, calculus of variations, control theory, and potential theory. His work on geometric measure theory led to what are now called Young measures associated with a weakly convergent sequence of functions. Young measures have found many applications, including to the theory of materials with nonconvex constitutive relations. He is the author of the book ``Lectures on the Calculus of Variations and Optimal Control Theory, published in 1969.
In 1963 Professor Young began the Wisconsin Mathematical Talent Search (now called the Wisconsin Mathematics, Engineering, and Science Talent Search). In this program, which continues today, five mathematical problem sets are sent each year to Wisconsin high schools and middle schools. These mathematical problems do not require much background to solve but they do require ingenuity and insight. In this way it is hoped to identify and nurture mathematical talent among the students in the state and to promote interest in mathematics.
Laurie was a champion chess player and won the Heart of America competition in 1955. In the 1950's he acted in plays on Wisconsin Public Television. A lover of languages, he spoke fluent French, German, and Italian. He enjoyed translating ancient Greek poetry. In his early years at Wisconsin, Laurie would skate across Lake Mendota from his home to campus.
Laurie was preceded in death in 1995 by his wife, Joan Elizabeth Young, and by their son, David, in 1964. He is survived by five children, Frank Young, Elizabeth Rosalind Young, Sylvia Young Wiegand (and spouse Roger Wiegand), Angela Young, and Beatrice Young Nearey (and spouse Terry Nearey).
A Memorial Website for L.C. Young is maintained at the URL: http://members.home.net/snearey/lcyoung/index.html.
In addition to a Gorbel G-Force, we now have a Bishamon EZ X Loader available for demonstrations. Call to arrange a demo at your facility.
The G-Force allows operators to lift and maneuver loads naturally. Improve your productivity, reduce product damage, and minimize work-related injuries.
Whether you need a single piece of equipment or would like to completely redesign your operation or process, Matrix Material Handling can help.
Our extensive product line (including pallet rack, conveyor, lift tables, containers, workstation cranes, wire partitioning) and experience gives us the flexibility to offer a cost competitive, efficient solution to meet your specific application.
In this episode, Omar “Bam Bam” Fuentes talks about political correctness, what real toughness is, and how we got to where we are today.
Nebraska lawmakers agreed this week to abolish the death penalty. Nebraska would be the first conservative state to do so since 1973 if the measure becomes law, reported The Associated Press.
The vote margin in the unicameral Legislature was more than enough to override a promised veto from Gov. Pete Ricketts, a supporter of capital punishment. Ricketts, a Republican, said the vote represented a "dark day" for public safety.
"Nebraska has a chance to step into history — the right side of history — to take a step that will be beneficial toward the advancement of a civilized society," said Sen. Ernie Chambers of Omaha, an independent who has fought for four decades to end the death penalty.
The Nebraska vote marks a shift in the national debate because it was bolstered by conservatives who oppose the death penalty for religious reasons, cast it as a waste of taxpayer money and question whether government can be trusted to manage it. Law-and-order conservatives in the United States have traditionally stood among the strongest supporters of the ultimate punishment.
Nebraska hasn't executed a prisoner since 1997, when the electric chair was used. The state has never imposed the punishment under the lethal injection process now required by state law. Some lawmakers have argued that constant legal challenges will prevent the state from executing anyone in the future.
Maryland was the last state to end capital punishment, in 2013. Three other moderate-to-liberal states have done so in recent years: New Mexico in 2009, Illinois in 2011, Connecticut in 2012. But the last conservative state to do so was North Dakota in 1973. Thirty-two states and the federal government allow capital punishment.
An analysis of crime and punishment from the perspective of a former prosecutor and current criminal justice practitioner. The views expressed on this blog are solely those of the author and do not reflect the opinions or postions of any county, state or federal agency.
If you like Romance genre, then "Breathe" movie is just for you! It was released on 2017 year. On our site you can download torrent file with 720p movie resolution, English language and HDRip quality. The total size is 860 MB. Good watching wish from our team.
Consider that you require enough of free space on your contraption. Film requires more than 860 MB of free space.
Caution! Before downloading Breathe movie, guarantee you have uTorrent program on your contraption and enough free data.
Based entirely on actual events -- and also one which directly includes the movie's producer Jonathan Cavendish -- it is reasonable to say that Breathe isn't a completely impressive narrative, exploring a scenario so many individuals have needed to tragically encounter -- but it is a story that permits for manager Andy Serkis to research topics of love, lifestyle and an unwavering dedication, and a exceptional dependability between two individuals.
This is exactly what makes Breathe such a moving, deep piece of cinema which, despite the issues handled, remains incredibly uplifting. Handling to bring him back home, Robin is restricted to the cold, bare walls of a hospital area, and given his life expectancy is so low, and his caliber much reduced, Diana dismisses the physician's guidance and proceeds to carry him home.
Polio patients hadn't been granted this liberty before, but as Robin can obtain a semblance of happiness again, even working together with buddy Teddy Hall is developing a mobile breathing system which allows for him to travel the entire world, he provides hope to fellow victims worldwide to demonstrate that there's still a satisfying life to direct after being diagnosed with this incurable disease. Serkis starts his movie in a somewhat hurried manner, with many short and eloquent sequences which amuses the viewer the opportunity to reflect.
Maybe, similarly into The Theory of Everything, that tells a similar story of a union placed under the strain of a life-altering illness, we can devote more time focusing to a healthy and fit Robin, to linger on the little, seemingly innocuous details we take for granted; breathing, speaking, walking for ourselves -- to love what he is soon to shed. Conversely, once we do approach the minute he's recognized, it is here the movie comes into its component, akin to a different Garfield generation in Hacksaw Ridge -- yet another movie that starts life as a member of a schmaltzy romantic bit, lulling us into a false sense of security before hitting us with all the drama.
Ocean's Eight is one of Movie movies produced in 2018 and created by Gary Ross. Here you can download movie on WEBRip quality. Also this movie has 7.6 stars rating on IMDb.
The Big Bang Theory Season 12 is one of Series TV Shows produced in 2018 and created by Bill Prady. Here you can download series on HDTV quality. Also this show has 8.3 stars rating on IMDb.
Neighborhood Watch is a community oriented program in which neighbors come together to resolve problems in their neighborhood by forming community relationships and working closely with their local law enforcement agency. The Lyon County Sheriff's Office serves as the facilitator of Fernley Neighborhood Watch, and program success requires a sustained community effort, in which residents help prevent crime in their neighborhoods by working as a team of good witnesses. "Observe and report" are the fundamentals of the Neighborhood Watch Program nationwide.
Therefore, whatever you want men to do to you, do also to them, for this is the Law and the Prophets.
Now this is the confidence that we have in Him, that if we ask anything according to His will, He hears us. And if we know that He hears us, whatever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we have asked of Him.
• there is really an enormous difference between the negative maxim of Hillel (‘Do not do to others what is hateful to you’) and the positive initiative contained in the instruction of Jesus (‘Do to others what you wish they would do to you’)
Now I do not want you to be unaware, brethren, that I often planned to come to you (but was hindered until now), that I might have some fruit among you also, just as among the other Gentiles. I am a debtor both to Greeks and to barbarians, both to wise and to unwise. So, as much as is in me, I am ready to preach the gospel to you who are in Rome also.
For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God to salvation for everyone who believes, for the Jew first and also for the Greek. For in it the righteousness of God is revealed from faith to faith; as it is written, “The just shall live by faith.”
• Perhaps nowhere is this principle of the Golden Rule better illustrated than in Jesus’ parable of the good Samaritan
Then Jesus answered and said: “A certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and fell among thieves, who stripped him of his clothing, wounded him, and departed, leaving him half dead.
Now by chance a certain priest came down that road. And when he saw him, he passed by on the other side.
But a certain Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was. And when he saw him, he had compassion.
So he went to him and bandaged his wounds, pouring on oil and wine; and he set him on his own animal, brought him to an inn, and took care of him.
On the next day, when he departed, he took out two denarii, gave them to the innkeeper, and said to him, ‘Take care of him; and whatever more you spend, when I come again, I will repay you.’
And the second is like it: ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ On these two commandments hang all the Law and the Prophets.”
Owe no one anything except to love one another, for he who loves another has fulfilled the law. For the commandments, “You shall not commit adultery,” “You shall not murder,” “You shall not steal,” “You shall not bear false witness,” “You shall not covet,” and if there is any other commandment, are all summed up in this saying, namely, “You shall love your neighbor as yourself.”
• If we honor or fear God, we should not try playing games with His Words – twisting – into such questions as “who is my neighbor”
knowing that whatever good anyone does, he will receive the same from the Lord, whether he is a slave or free.
• If there is one command that we can master that helps us fulfill all the others, shouldn’t we give it extra attention?
astonishing silk bedding sets best sheets that reviewers say are they best ever owned silk bedding sets australia u8112401.
This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies (also known as pixels or beacons) to aid your experience (such as viewing videos), as well as “performance cookies” to analyze your use of this website and to assist with marketing efforts. If you click the "Accept All Cookies" button or continue navigating the website, you agree to having those first and third-party cookies set on your device. If you do not wish to accept cookies from this website, you can choose to not allow cookies from this website by updating your browser preferences. For more information on how we use Cookies, please read our privacy policy. Accept All Cookies
Thank you to all who entered our Make It Yours competition in July. It was a tough month for judging with a multitude of inspirational summer upcycles and transformation projects to choose from. However, with much deliberation we have chosen 10 runners up and our lucky top prizewinner.
The top prize this month of £250 went to Egija Lace who added a modern geometric twist to a beautiful vintage wardrobe. Egija used masking tape to create the design, then applied Rust-Oleum Metallic spray paint in Gold, followed by a protective coat of Rust-Oleum Furniture Finishing Wax in Clear on the remaining exposed wood. We think it’s gorgeous!
Victoria Dudnicenco repurposed an unused baby cot into a quirky bookshelf using a combination of Rust-Oleum Gloss Finish Furniture Paint in Mineral Grey and Lemon Sorbet to create a bright contrast. A great way to reuse and recreate a piece of furniture that’s no longer needed.
Charlotte Peach transformed her daughter’s dollhouse from plain wood to modern chic with the help of Rust-Oleum Satin Finish Furniture Paint in Blue Sky, Teal, Slate, Cotton and Carbon; plus a selection of Rust-Oleum Painter’s Touch colours. Charlotte even gave the tiny pieces of furniture a shabby chic look by distressing with sandpaper for that added layer of detail.
Anniken Mortimer added a stunning finishing touch to a barstool using Rust-Oleum Metallic in Bright Copper. This added luxurious detail enhanced what was an already a brilliant project and brought the piece bang up to date.
Gabrielle Cooper has imaginatively created little bespoke trinket dishes with the simple combination of plastic toy animals and small tea plates. This upcycle was achieved by first spraying the animals with Rust-Oleum Metallic spray paint in Bright Gold and then attaching them to the plates, giving them the ultimate midas touch!
Nadia Arbach purchased a vintage ball-and-claw china cabinet to update and repurpose for storage of her sewing materials. Nadia used Rust-Oleum Satin Finish Furniture Paint in Shortbread to brighten the outside and wallpapered the interior with a funky black and white paper. The cabinet now beautifully complements her home décor and showcases her funky fabric collection.
Brain Adamson has created a quirky garden feature using a traditional watering can and blue LED lights. He first of all sprayed the watering can with Rust-Oleum Metallic spray paint in Gold and arranged the LED lights to look like falling water droplets. Brian’s creation is now ready to light up his garden.
Jade Finnan has completely transformed a dated black cabinet into a beautiful modern masterpiece to display her record player. Using Rust-Oleum Painter’s Touch Matt White spray paint she fully painted the piece, then when dry masked and sprayed a geometric design to the front using Rust-Oleum Metallic spray paint in Bright Copper. Jade further accessorised the unit with a lamp painted in Rust-Oleum Painter’s Touch Black Matt and Rust-Oleum Metallic Bright Copper to complete the look.
Joanna Dean has transformed an old, damaged stag sideboard using Rust-Oleum Chalky Finish Furniture Paint and Rust-Oleum Metallic Finish Furniture Paint. After repairing any damaged areas and sanding to a smooth finish she painted the unit with a dipped effect, half Anthracite and half Metallic Gold. To complete the look she finished with a protective coat of Rust-Oleum Furniture Finishing Wax in Clear.
Carley Perkins has customised a plain set of drawers for her 2-year-old sons new room. She wanted to create a totally unique piece of storage that was both fun and smart and that would also grow with him through the years. She updated the piece by marking out a chevron design with masking tape and painting different sections with Rust-Oleum Chalky Finish Furniture Paint in Belgrave, Duck Egg and Winter Grey.
Teenie shows outstanding flexibility and spreads wide in erotic год назад Analdin гибкие, эротика. Teen sexy girl after shower nude. The actors did a fabulous job with these roles and theyve definitely put those two on the map for. Home diagnostic testing for signs of. Length teen girl fucked by three.
Latina is worked over good in some of the most brutal face fucking you are ever likely to. Teen nude model spreads her. Bhabhi porn photos showing off her big ass and hairy armpits and.
How to date drey jars - find products - compare prices. Popular training bra models buy cheap training bra via. Flexible facialized asian teens mmf
STRINGPHENO2016: 15th conference in the String Phenomenology Conference series 20-24 June 2016, Ioannina
hhmm a bit (much) more confusing than your beep vid. this is osoviubly more advanced content, but felt more should've been explained. beep one was fast-paced but understood most. this was wayyyy overhead lol.
This is the latest eoiditn of Juliette de Bairacli Levy's (a.k.a. the grandmother of the natural rearing movement) classic Herbal Handbook for the Dog (cat owners will be more interested in the book she has written specifically on holistic cat care). Juliette has been breeding, naturally rearing, showing, and traveling the world with her Champion Afghans since the 1930s. This book is dedicated to her Turkuman Afghan Hounds who have never known disease. As always, Juliette is opinionated, uncompromising, cantankerous, and a tad eccentric, but also full of wisdom and vast amounts of valuable info, and every one of her books makes a fascinating read. The first section of this book deals with nutrition (she emphasizes the importance of feeding a raw diet), breeding and natural rearing (no vaccines, insecticides, etc.) while the second part deals with herbal remedies for everything from mange to distemper. Of course most of her suggestions are out of synch with current veterinary advice, b
I became inesrteted in the books once I saw the show on The CW. I think the show is great, the best new show I have seen in awhile. After reading the first book, I would say that the show is loosely based off of the books. The show writers have taken a lot of liberties, and I would say, improved upon the original. Take Elena, the main character in both the book and the show. In the book, she is quite mean and self-involved, while in the show she is down to earth and unassuming. I far prefer the show version of Elena. Needless to say, the main character being a polar opposite in the show versus the book can tell you how different the two stories are. When all was said and done with this book, I was unimpressed. I think that it was a rough version of what it could have been. This book needs work, the story is hardly fleshed out at all, making the emotions the characters feel quite unbelievable. Watch the show, skip the book.
im planning to make a pnoefssioral film choreography where it will be filmed in a dark room (all lights off) and i want of course the dancers to stand out in the film but i dont have money to purchase these lighting equipment.Is there any light that can beefbbbf helpful ? (home equipment etc or maybe lighting equipment that cost $50 and under)
There are a number of methods and strategies which competing Search engine optimization companies just take in the direction of making supplemental Internet visibility through approaches which require other Web sites.
So Here's advice on tips on how to improve that weblog of yours for equally customers and search engines without having alienating just one or another.
We offer a refreshingly transparent method of on the net success by audio Search Engine Optimisation assistance that provides quantifiable, measurable and reliable final results for our purchasers Australia-extensive and around the globe.
There's an ethical approach to participating within an Search engine optimisation marketing campaign and how a digital marketing agency manages that is weighed in a Code of Ethics. “Black Hat” Web optimization techniques which include concealed textual content, cloaking, compensated links, articles scraping and doorway internet pages are now not tolerated and therefore are strictly enforced as They are really from Googles Webmaster Suggestions.
Following the Update, your website need to load when the area identify is accessed in any supported browser.
A sizable site could potentially see leads to a number of times if a search engines is crawling their web site on a regular basis. Lesser sites will most probably acquire extended as they get crawled a i loved this lot less regularly.
Search engine optimisation can help to make certain that a web site is obtainable to your search engine and increases the probabilities the website are going to be observed by the search engine.
The chance offered by search engines for instance Google, moved here Yahoo and Bing have developed an unparalleled opportunity for intelligent companies seo consultants to outperform their opponents regardless of dimensions.
We Develop Sites browse around these guys and purposes and assistance our consumers do well on the internet. We produce this with Fantastic client service and powerful undertaking administration.
Improving upon purely natural benefits on search engines is completed by way of a method that encompasses both on and off internet site methods along with social engagement. Although look at this now SEO is definitely an at any time evolving Qualified apply, there are plenty of foundational or regular components at its core.
Guys I love dollhouses because of the design not for anything else People freakin' think I'm gay! Is there anything wrong with planning on collecting dollhouses [even if you're a guy] BECAUSE YOU LIKE THE DESIGNS? What you think ???
Lots of ways to make a living -- on your own land Jason's Tip for the Day Marketplace 0 September 12th 05 06:11 PM
Crafts of all kinds -- just one way to make a living on your own land Jason's Tip for the Day Marketplace 0 September 12th 05 06:11 PM
Schools will starts from tomorrow in my state and I will be free to make more craft projects. I guess same thing you are thinking, right?
The the is challenge "#117Sewing or Faux Stitching" also you will have bonus color swatches this week for your another entry.
This card also going to enter for another wonderful challenge, Crafting for allSeasons Challenge Blog: Challenge#34 Stiching (real/faux)
So sweet Archana. Love the stitched tree, fall is my favorite season, and this is beautiful. Enjoy your free time, we have one more week of vacation, then school will start!
Those who have heard me rant about the inappropriateness of words and slogans on the butts of girls' pants might find the following evening shot incongruous:
The butterfly, however, turns out to be the perfect shape for reinforcing the backs of pants--look how the wings add extra strength to the often-abraded seat and upper thigh area, and the butterfly's body covers a seam that can commonly split through stress.
And also? The girls came in the study while I was ironing upholstery fabric to vinyl records (don't ask) and wanted stuff ironed to their stuff, too.
That being said, I'm still not in love with fusible webbing. If these pants weren't already on their death beds (I stuck a few more appliques and reverse appliques over the worst of the stains and holes on the fronts of the pants as well, just leaving the, you know, less worse alone), I probably wouldn't try the experiment, because I'm not positive that, over time, the appliques will be able to handle the stress of living on the butts of two very active little girls.
I do, however, recommend fusible webbing for projects that won't get a lot of wear, such as home dec stuff or the fronts of T-shirts, or projects with fiddly little designs, such as my butterfly, or even projects where you can't make your machine sewing accessible, such as a child's shirt sleeve. And here's how to do it (it's really easy):
1. Read the directions on your package of no-sew heat bond adhesive. I use , and Chasing Cheerios, who does a lot of fusible applique, uses Steam a Seam. If you're using a very thick fabric you may have to extend your ironing time by a few seconds, so the directions are something to think about ahead of time.
2. Lay your fabric face-down on your ironing surface, iron it so that it's wrinkle-free, and let it cool.
3. Lay your adhesive paper-side up, so that the adhesive side is facing the wrong side of your fabric.
4. Following the directions on the adhesive package, bond the adhesive to the fabric, bonding an area just bigger than your stencil or pattern (if I'm using a paper pattern, I'll sometimes lay it on top of the paper while I'm ironing so that I bond only the correct area.
6. Lay your stencil or pattern on top of the paper backing to the adhesive and trace your applique directly onto the paper.
8. Lay your item of clothing or whatever out on your ironing surface, iron the area to be appliqued, and let it cool.
9. Peel the paper off of your applique and place it on your material exactly where you want it to be.
10. Following the directions on the package, bond the applique to the material. If you go under the correct amount of ironing time your applique won't bond, but you can try again after it's cool. If you go over the correct amount of ironing time, however, the adhesive can melt into your applique fabric and then it won't bond at all.
13 Ways to Upcycle Eyeglass Cases - Find a project to excite and inspire you, and you'll be happy to keep your eyeglass case out of the waste stream and make a new, useful second life for it
Minneapolis! - I'm just back from a wonderful time in Minneapolis for Vogue Knitting Live! What fun to be surrounded by so many knitters, and to meet some of you who stop...
Season 18 Week 3 - Celebrations Around the World - Prepare to travel around the world! This week, the designers have quite a celebration for you. Be sure to VOTE at the end of the post, these talented ladi...
Just ordered my CHRISTMAS CARDS (…plus, 20% OFF)!!! - Living here in Oklahoma has its perks….and one of them is that we don’t have long winters. But this year, it was cold on Halloween and November has been...
sewing costumes - The basement is a costume shop right now for the Vancouver Dance Theater's production of The Nutcracker. These are photos of Spanish and a Snow Queen headp...
How to Make a Simple Holly Felt Christmas Garland; a Cricut Project - [image: Christmas DIY Canvas banner with free pattern and templates. How to make a canvas banner- a cute Christmas sign that says "Peace on Earth" #Christm...
Cactus bunting and a Halloween pumpkin - A couple of weeks ago,I made this cute little cactus bunting for my sister,who like Miss C., seems to have a passion for cactus and succulents! The patter...
Briefcase Doll House - We just celebrated my daughter's 4th birthday. It's crazy to think that my first post on this blog occured when my oldest was only 4! Months ago I ...
Beginner Knitter Video Series – Scarf, Hat, and Mittens! - I have an amazing beginner knitter video series to announce! I created a full set of scarf, hat, and mitten patterns progressing in difficulty just for y...
Easy Feather Garland - In the blink of an eye, you'll have your mantel ready for fall with this easy DIY...
Hands-on Algebra: Adding and Subtracting Integers - Just as we have used counters to help our students learn addition and subtraction, we can use counters to help them understand addition and subtraction of...
Crafting On - *The act of creating, in one form or another, preserves my sanity amongst the chaos of life. This explains why I always have more than one project going at...
Monday Must Reads: Volume 48 - Happy Monday! I haven't spent as much time on twitter lately as usual, so I know I have missed out on some awesome tweets. But, I decided to go through my ...
Our Incredible Journey of Giftedness - One of these days I am going to go back and read all of the posts I’ve written on this blog. I am so grateful I wrote them so Madison and I can go back at ...
The “Say Yes” Mentality - Years ago, when my boys were toddlers, I read an article where the mom resolved to try saying yes for one day to everything her very young child asked to d...
Precious Moments…. over the last few months….Part Five - So this last week has been a very eventful one. Our dog, Oscar, was in big trouble with his mouth and the vet felt he Continue reading The post Precious...
The Accidental Book: Civil Rights Then and Now: A Timeline of the Fight for Equality in America - What began as an attempt to write a series of lesson plans for the WooJr.com ended with a full-on book for children and parents who are interested in lea...
Friday - Breakfast. At a little diner that seems to be Mine and Her Spot. ♡ Target. She has an "around the city" bike ride planned with friends this weekend, so s...
Human Biology and Health Unit Study - My 5th grader requested to learn more about the human body this school year. I did have a human body study put together, but it was geared toward younger ...
PLACE VALUE (cater)'PILLARS - This activity has been rattling around in my brain for months. And thanks to a rather lengthy hiatus from blogging, that's where it stayed. Until now. Hel...
Outschool Classes - This fall I will be teaching classes over at Outschool. I am running several year-long book clubs for various ages (including a mystery book club which I a...
immunity - the mundane is a prayer of comfort Started reading *On Immunity* by Eula Bliss. Thinking about risk, inoculation, a body's duality of danger/vulnerabili...
Growing Girls Scouting Helpers Sale!! - All Growing Girls Scouting Helpers are 20% off, plus an extra 5% off when you use the code: BTSFRESH, August 1-2 only as part of the Teachers Pay Teacher...
Blue Reading - My Montessori journey has been an incredible one of self discovery and learning. Through it all one thing I have learned about myself is my utter respect ...
Listen to Jenn Talk About the Power of Play - I was grateful to be interviewed by veteran toy designer and podcaster Phil Albritton. We talked about so many things! I loved talking about: - why vi...
DIY Montessori Sensorial Basics - This is my original Teaching from a Tackle Box design for the Montessori Sensorial Basics. I organized all the basic materials for the senses into two ...
Episode 13: We Think We Can, We Think We Can - In this long, long-awaited episode, we’re dusting off our headphones to talk about how the new homeschool year is going (busy! ACT tests! Not-White-Men His...
8 Things I Wish I’d Known When We Started Homeschooling - When we started homeschooling seven years ago, the only other homeschoolers I knew lived five thousand miles away. My instinct told me that public school w...
Makeup Under the Microscope! Taking a Closer Look at Lipstick - I just bought a new microscope, and like anyone with a new instrument of science, I couldn't wait to take it for a test run! After examining hair, puddles...
Picasso Inspired Collages - This week we focused on some of Picasso’s Guitar & Violin and Violin paintings Picasso played with his art. He certainly enjoyed exploring guitars and viol...
At any given moment, I have on the back burner easily two dozen projects that are kid-centric, just waiting for a willing kid or two to come...
So yes, yes, Matt and I made up (It's kind of the best part, right?...ahem), and he and the girls are off having lunch at China Buffet...
It's been four years since the kids first discovered the Junior Ranger program at Badlands National Park , and thus began their obsessio...
When I was researching melted crayon tutorials for my last post on Crayon Crayonis, I realized, "Hey! Everybody else does it wrong!&quo...
For playing such a large part in our daily lives, this DIY aerial silks rig of ours is something that I haven't really shared as such ye...
Have I spoken to you of my famous daughter, spokesgirl for the line of bulk cornstarch for sale at Kodo Kids ? I traded them usage of the p...
Nobody, and I mean nobody, matches socks around here. A giant hamper of clean socks lives in the closet. When Matt and I need clean socks,...
In my family's Arkansas kitchen, with its big dishwasher and pantry chock-full of things we don't have at home and a 60-year collect...
You will be unsurprised to learn that we go through a LOT of glue around here. I try to buy the kids' glue only during back-to-school sa...
Craft Knife Archive November 2018 (3) October 2018 (11) September 2018 (8) August 2018 (6) July 2018 (10) June 2018 (11) May 2018 (9) April 2018 (8) March 2018 (8) February 2018 (6) January 2018 (10) December 2017 (7) November 2017 (10) October 2017 (8) September 2017 (9) August 2017 (10) July 2017 (10) June 2017 (9) May 2017 (15) April 2017 (12) March 2017 (8) February 2017 (9) January 2017 (15) December 2016 (12) November 2016 (14) October 2016 (9) September 2016 (12) August 2016 (8) July 2016 (7) June 2016 (9) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (10) March 2016 (8) February 2016 (5) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (9) November 2015 (18) October 2015 (8) September 2015 (11) August 2015 (14) July 2015 (13) June 2015 (12) May 2015 (12) April 2015 (16) March 2015 (16) February 2015 (13) January 2015 (16) December 2014 (15) November 2014 (23) October 2014 (22) September 2014 (17) August 2014 (20) July 2014 (10) June 2014 (14) May 2014 (14) April 2014 (19) March 2014 (20) February 2014 (16) January 2014 (24) December 2013 (16) November 2013 (16) October 2013 (25) September 2013 (14) August 2013 (20) July 2013 (19) June 2013 (11) May 2013 (15) April 2013 (18) March 2013 (17) February 2013 (20) January 2013 (22) December 2012 (18) November 2012 (12) October 2012 (23) September 2012 (13) August 2012 (18) July 2012 (16) June 2012 (17) May 2012 (15) April 2012 (15) March 2012 (20) February 2012 (15) January 2012 (16) December 2011 (12) November 2011 (21) October 2011 (21) September 2011 (20) August 2011 (24) July 2011 (15) June 2011 (20) May 2011 (17) April 2011 (15) March 2011 (21) February 2011 (19) January 2011 (21) December 2010 (16) November 2010 (18) October 2010 (21) September 2010 (24) August 2010 (19) July 2010 (19) June 2010 (21) May 2010 (21) April 2010 (22) March 2010 (24) February 2010 (22) January 2010 (26) December 2009 (23) November 2009 (21) October 2009 (18) September 2009 (19) August 2009 (21) July 2009 (17) June 2009 (19) May 2009 (23) April 2009 (23) March 2009 (20) February 2009 (23) January 2009 (26) December 2008 (22) November 2008 (24) October 2008 (27) September 2008 (25) August 2008 (24) July 2008 (23) June 2008 (22) May 2008 (14) April 2008 (19) March 2008 (13) February 2008 (11)
The lucky momma of two little blonde daddy clones, we spend our days eating cheese cubes and oranges, reading books about dinosaurs, pestering the dadda, and making junk out of other junk.
You have my permission to use one photo and one text quote of up to two sentences in your own blog post, as long as you:
2) do not use a photo that contains my child's face without emailing me for permission at jufinn at indiana dot edu. Please include a link to your blog so I can give it a lookover, and please allow up to two days for my response.
Occasionally, I may post a photo of a child who is not my own. You do not have my permission to re-post any photo that contains an image of a child not my own, whether or not the child's face can be seen.
Occasionally, I may post a photo of my child not completely dressed. You do not have my permission to re-post any photo that contains an image of my child when she is not completely dressed.
I have based both of my cards around an All Dressed Up image, so that I could enter the All Dressed Up sketch challenge.
I took a square card blank and die-cut a fancy circle off centre to the top and right. Using spray adhesive I then attached a bright patterned paper to the back of this aperture. I then added some papermania Christmas ribbon to the left side and bottom of the card, following the sketch. The image was coloured using Promarkers, using Set 2 (12 pack), nudes and Tequila sunrise Ltd edition. The sentiment was added and then three bright wooden flowers finished off the design.
I used the idea of making the image into a stencil, or aperture, for this card. I printed the image directly onto blue card stock and then carefully cut around the outline using a craft knife, preserving the image itself for a future make. Behind this aperture I attached some Honey and Hugs paper depicting the four friends in front of a rainbow and finally I cut down the far edge of the card using decorative scissors, for a CAS make.
Here are some updates for you all. Firstly I am rushing to get the birth sampler finished now as the little guy appeared on Sunday night at 19.39, just before his mummy's birthday. So now they have a son for both their birthdays lol.
And here is the first Round Robin instalment. The final design for this piece will show a frog prince against a blue moon with a saying about kissing under a blue moon, so I tried to make my designs match the sentiment:
And to keep your taste buds going, here are my micro-tomatoes, first grown this year as a trial - very cute!
So onto the book review - Close my eyes by Sophie McKenzie. This definitely falls into the drama genre. This book is about a couple who lose their first child just before birth and despite having several courses of IVF have failed to conceive again 8 years later. Therefore, when a lady appears at the house claiming that her sister was a nurse at the delivery and confessed on her deathbed that the child was actually born alive, Jenniver does not know whether to believe her and grab onto the hope, or dismiss her as being a hoaxer. However, it is not something that she can let drop and when her husband becomes elusive and derisive about the claim she starts to investigate further on her own - to find the truth one way or the other. An old acquaintance of her husbands helps her with the enquiries and the quest for the truth starts to become dangerous, as Jen finds out several people have been killed to cover up the truth. It does end on a bit of a cliffhanger although the main plot is answered. I would recommend this book.
It uses craft chalks that I have had for ages but they tend to remain in the bottom of a drawer.I took a white square piece of card and used sparkly pearlescent chalks to create a tie-dye, sky-like background. I then used a stencil of a bunch of balloons and bright chalks to add the motifs to either side of the sky base. These gave a vintage effect to the card. I stuck this to the centre of a blue base card, leaving the top edge open so that a hotel booking, plane tickets or similar can be slipped in, as an extra surprise. I stuck an eiffel tower chipboard in between the two balloon bunches, and a 'Happy Birthday' to the bottom of the card.
Audio Book Review - President Down by Terence Strong. This book is based around an ex-army sniper who now runs a private investigator business. He is recruited by the government to look into possible terrorist subjects, with a couple of new recruits to help him out. He has a dippy secretary who always muddle things up, and is also going through a divorce which is not going well. Whilst investigating some suspects it is noticed that there is a leak from within his small team. They also come across a plot against the current president who is visiting Cambridge, UK, with his family on a personal, and very private, matter. Although I figured out quite early who the leak was likely to be there was no obvious evidence and so it keeps you doubting whether you are right or not. It is a very well written, fast-paced book and I really enjoyed it. It is more of an action/adventure book, rather than a crime and it fits the niche very well.
I took a white card blank and stuck some white, self-adhesive patterned lace across the centre. I then added a white floral glitter velum across the top of the lace, in the centre of the card. To the bottom right I attached a white flower with a white pearl in the centre and then a 'For You' Tatty Teddy sentiment to the bottom of the vellum to finish.
I also got 2 carrier bags full of broad beans from the allotment this morning, about a kg of Gooseberries (and still another bush to go!) and then these micro tomatoes:
I have a couple of birthdays coming up in my ATC group, and as this is the second batch of ATC's for this month (so I have already used the suggested theme) I decided to do a celebration theme for the girls whose birthdays are approaching. I also did a separate card (as I always work my ATC's 3 at a time), which I will put in the next post.
For this 'Red, White and Blue' ATC I took a white card blank and stuck a 'Happy Birthday' peel-off in the centre. I then smeared PVA glue all around the outsides of the sentiment. Unfortunately my sequins are all mixed up and in no colour order so I had to go through them and pick out the red, white and blue sequins. A few of the whites are also iridescent and so have shown up slightly pink in this photograph. I sprinkled the sequins onto the card and allowed the glue to dry, before tapping off any excess sequins.
This card followed the sketch below, although I did move the strips from the bottom to the top to keep the balloons on the patterned paper in view.
I took a pink base card and added blue 'Me to You' balloon and stars paper to the left side of the base. I then cut two thin strips from a pink floral paper and added these to the top of the card, with pink pearls. I stamped a present and some balloons onto a circle of card and coloured these in using chalks. Finally I added a celebrate sentiment.
I have made a new ATC collection - At the Seaside. I used different techniques for each one and they took some thinking lol. I do not usually do this many cards in one week, due to my other crafting and my allotment, but I needed to make a new ATC collection for the next posting, and I wanted to join all the Christmas challenges, so I thought what the hell :)
The main challenge that I am entering this ATC for is the Simply Less is Moore OLC adapt a finger print challenge. So to make this card I first coloured the background with watercolour pencils and washed over with water to make the beach scene. I then used grey 'Tatty Teddy' ink to print in the sky, which I turned into a plane (although OH has doubts about it being a plane). I used a versamark gold ink to add a fingerprint to the sand, for a bucket, which I drew a spade next to. Finally I used a green and pink inks to add fingerprints to make a parasol in the bottom left.
For this card I scrunched up some tissue paper and dipped it into my facial toner to give a sandy tie-dye effect (for my facebook challenge https://www.facebook.com/groups/202398906628216/?fref=ts). I attached this to a gold base card and then added a beach themed topper. A very simple card once the sand has been made.
For this ATC I took a gold base card and added a piece of water coloured patterned paper, with a strip of blue ribbon over it. I then added a speedboat topper to the dark strip on the patterned paper. To finish off the ATC I added an image of a desert island and the sentiment (with promarker). This ATC followed this sketch (although I missed the enry cut-off for the challenge).
This is about a daughter who is originally joining a convent but is pulled out at the last minute when her father and brother die leaving her Ruling Lady of the house and clan. She must weave her way through the deadly Game of the Council to keep herself and her family name alive and honourable. To do this she has to learn very quickly how to play the game of the council. This is a very good book that keeps you guessing. She makes the aquaintence of a spymaster whose character is very deep, and along with his help, and the help of her closest advisers Mara manages to overcome a lot of odds. The fast pace of the book works very well and you get to know the characters. The plot is not overly far-fetched and so really grabs the imagination. Overall I really enjoyed reading this book and think it would probably be good as an audio book also.
Well there seems to be a lot of Christmas in July themes this time round, so I decided to make a Christmas card. There were a couple of challenges that were one a day, but I do not have the time to do these unfortunately! Maybe when I get a new job??
Anyway I wanted something simple and stylish for my Christmas card this time, and I also wanted to use the Christmas tree stamp from the Honey and Hugs 'Festive Frolics' stamp set. So I stamped the image onto a basic white card blank three times using a cheap black ink. I then embossed the outer two trees using black powder, one with a little gold mixed in also, and the centre tree with white and silver powder, and heat embossed the images. Then I added three star embellishments to the top of the trees - the two outer trees have small diamante style stars, while the centre tree has a sequin silver star which has been rubbed with Staz-On black ink. To finish the card I added three peel-offs - two leaf corner motifs and a sentiment (ok so it is two peel-offs but only makes one thing).
Christmas in July - Divas by design; Catch the bug; Sweet Stampin'; Hobbybook designer; olkadoodle; simply create too #65
And finished the free kit I was working on - it took 3.5 hours rather than the 3 hours it said though.
Wow there is lots to put in this blog today. I will start with my card, as the challenges are nearly closing! A colleague at work is expecting, and we think it might be twins :). So I was asked to make a baby card for her to present before she goes on maternity leave. I decided I wanted a owl themed card - but it didn't take me long to realise I did not have any owl designs, so I had to trawl the internet for owl clipart (I did look for digi stamps but couldn't find any suitable ones). Eventually, this is the card I came up with:
I took an orange card blank and folded it in half to make the base card. I printed the two owl clip art designs and then added the baby owl with dummy to the owls on the tree branch using spray adhesive. I mounted this onto spotty blue paper and then onto the bottom of the card blank. I took a pink spotty paper and layered the blue spotty paper on top,and then added an orange papermania ribbon. This was adhered above the image. Down the right side I attached a fluffy variegated orange to pink twine and the same twine with glitter fleck through it, adhering the ends inside the card. I added an orange button to the side of the ribbon panel and to the side of the image panel I stamped 'New Baby' using orange ink.
We got a bumper crop of fruit from the allotment a couple of days ago and I decided to make a flan with them (all red berries), with creme fraiche. There were tayberries, raspberries, strawberries and red gooseberries and it was absolutely lovely. The mice really quite liked the creme fraiche also (although I was trying to encourage them to eat the fruit! Anyway, as I was letting the girls have their bit I had allowed Tawny (my little blind guy) to run around on the floor. I turned around once the girls had finished to see this:
Cheeky little man decided that he could get away with eating directly from my plate. He did get away with it too as he is just so damned cute!
We also managed to get a nice crop from the Autumn planted onions, which was a nice surprise after the wash-out winter that we had! And I got half a carrier bag of Broad Beans from another allotmenteer, which will be very much appreciated, especially by OH.
I do really enjoy listening to the audio books by Jodi, and especially like the fact that different reader's read each persons perspective. The main plot of this story is that Sara and Brian (the parents) produce a child to be a perfect doner for their older daughter who has APL, an acute and rare form of Leukaemia. At age 13 the child takes her parents to court to sue for the right to decide what happens to her own body, or medical emancipation. Through the story we meet the oldest sibling, a son called Jesse who feels so unable to do anything that he turns to arson, both parents (the father is a firefighter/paramedic, and the mother an ex-lawyer), the sister with APL - Kate, Anna who is the doner child who is taking her parents to court, the lawyer Campbell Alexander who has a quirky character and a service dog and the guardian ad litem Julie. Through the book you get a history of the girls medical escapades, extracts of when Kate has had normal experiences that her mother never expected to see her have, Jesse's problems and also background into Julie and Campbell, which is a minor story in itself. I really enjoyed the moral and ethical issues this story brought up, and the way Jodi looks at how an illness affects a whole family. The ending to the story is a dramatic twist and was not what I was expecting, but it does work really well. If you have seen the film then be warned that the ending in the book is very different and there is a lot more in the book than can be portrayed in the film. I haven't seen the film, but having just read up about it it appears that the film detracts from the poignancy of some of the issues by making other items more dramatic - like including a sex-scene where there could never have been one due to the treatment that Kate was undergoing.
If you enjoy reading about difficult situations in a fictional sense, but with a good grounding or moral and ethical background then I would definitely recommend this book!
Today after work I went ot the shooting range with the OH and had a play with his gun. I think he was quite impressed by how well I actually did - even when the scope was out slightly :D
Anyway, upon arriving home I decided to have a go with my new shrink plastic, which I have wanted to play with for ages!!! So I made this Christmas card:
Firstly the base was covered with Poinsettia vellum from the papermania range, and a turquoise spotty backing paper which I got from my mum. Down the centre I added a black stripy ribbon, which I last used for making a 2013 calender for my mum!!! I stamped the robin with mail from the Honey and Hugs Festive Frolics collection onto the shrink plastic with Staz-on black ink. I then coloured it in with promarkers, which does not give a fantastic finish so next time I think I will try glass paints instead. I followed the instructions and within two inutes of being in the oven my little embellishment was ready - if rather smaller than it started out. The sentiment I added was from a goody-bag I purchased last Christmas and then only used one sentiment, due to having already made most of my cards (this is typical for me - they are much cheaper this way lol).
I was originally going to make the little robin into a fridge magnet, but then found out that my magnetic tape actually only sticks back to itself! Goes to show you should read the instructions when you buy something - and then try it once you have it, as this is another thing in my stash that I bought last year (or rather had bought for me) and then have not used!
Papertake Weekly Challenge; ilovepromarkers; craftyribbons; catchthebug; Completely Christmas; Crafting by designs - Anything Goes
This book is set in King Edward I's reign. Although the story-line is quite interesting (a priest whose family is known to be disliked by the king is murdered and the kings clerk has to find out who did it to relieve suspicion from the king himself) I found the story was quite slow. It did not keep you wanting to rush through the CD's to find out what happens next like some of the other books. However, the plot is good and works well and the clerk has an intriguing way of ferreting out clues. It is difficult to try and guess who the culprit is and you think along with the answers as they appear. Personally this is not a book that I would have chosen, but I am not sure if it is the writing style, the setting or the pace of the story that prevented me from properly enjoying the story.
What a lovely day it has been today. Trying to make up for the weekend, but why does it wait until we are at work - and then you can guarantee there will be a road accident and by the time you get home it is too late for enjoying the sunshine!! Grrrrr. I have however ordered my animals food now, so they will be very happy when it arrives as they are currently eating the same thing everyday (they are fussy and like to have a range to choose from lol). Here is a little piccy of my fluffy little girl - Stamper.
Now onto my crafting post - I decided to have a go at a slider card yesterday. As I do not have any funky label dies I used scalloped circles for the main part of the card. I cut two from plain cardstock and one from red mirror card, and then a smaller from white cardstock. The small white circle was mounted on the red one, with the other two being used for the slider mechanism and card back. Double sided patterned paper in blue was used for the slider panels, and attached to the slider mechanism before the scalloped circles were mounted together. To attach the circles I used blue square brads on either side of the slider, and then two glitter brads on the top of the circles. Originally I was also going to add two to the bottom to make the circles symmetrical but this tightened the circles over the slider mechanism and made it hard to slide the tabs, so I just left it with the top two brads instead.
I used some poinsettia brittania dies and a supermarket carrier back to make the flower for the front of the slider, by layering two different sizes of poinsettia petals. I then attached a white pearl to the centre of the recycled carrier bag flower (For the Recycled Item - Simply less is moore and Crafty Calender - Petals and Pearls challenges).
Onto a small die-cut scalloped circle I hand-drew and coloured a 'Sailors Swallow Tattoo', which was then stuck onto the top slider (For the Craft-room - Hand-drawn Tattoo challenge), and a ribbon added to allow the slider to be pulled. Onto the bottom slider 'Good Luck' was stamped.
I am also entering this card into the two red, white, blue colour challenges (I am british so same colours :) ): artistic inspirations and SOS.
I have just finished listening to 'Second Glance' by Jodi Picoult. In usual Jodi Picoult style this book was very in-depth and reviewed various controversial discussions and a rare disorder. Unusually the rare disorder is not the main component of the book and the main character has a very unrealistic ability to not die. This book is based around a man who, after losing the love of his life and finding himself unable to follow her however hard he tries, starts investigating the paranormal. He finds the ghost he is looking for and gets a lot more than he expected. The story goes into the background of the ghost to explain hat happened and why things happened and how it affects the current population of the small town. There are a lot of tangents to the book and some of them take a while to understand, while some could have been left out without affecting the story too much (but they do add a bit of drama being in there). It takes a while to explain how Meredith and her daughter fit into the story, and the boy with XP (allergy to the sun) is not really an integral part of the plot, althugh he does allow certain points to be put across in a way that may be understood by many. The ending is slightly unexpected and unusual, but it does fit in with the flow of the book. All-in-all I found this a captivating book to listen to - as I find Jodies books usually are.
So many people are asking for updates. I'm assuming on the belly but I'm going to update all around. :)
Our movers will be here in 4 1/2 weeks. Ahh! I have so much to do before that happens. Once our stuff is gone we'll be staying in an extended stay hotel for 2 weeks. Hubby graduates April 17th and we say goodbye to Texas the next day. I can't believe how time has been flying. I'm excited to be near family again but so sad to leave my friends here. I am looking forward to being able to spend time with my husband again. :)
We have been going to church together as a family on Sundays and it's been wonderful. After church today the kids and I had fun doing things around the house while Kell went to the library to study.
Oh and what I'm sure most people want...22 week belly picture! Yes it's 22 weeks already! ahh.... Oh we do know what we are having, but we are keeping it a secret from family so I won't be posting it on my blog, but contact me if you want to know. :)
I want to share a couple of pictures. We have this weird bush/tree thing in our front yard that has these weird nut looking things hanging from it almost year round. Well once a year only for a week, the tree/bush blooms. And it's gorgeous! It has a strong very sweet smell that comes from it. While in bloom it is covered in butterflies, bees and ladybugs. I love it.
As Labor begins the task of charting a course back to government it now has, as it did following the election defeat of 1996, a choice of two roads. The high road of developing responsible policies in the national interest always looks steep and arduous, especially when the low road of political populism beckons, littered with the cheap allure of support by interest groups opposed to reform.
Labor has proved itself in government to be the party of competition, but in opposition it has succumbed to the enticements of vested interests seeking protection from competition from imports and from business rivals here in Australia.
It was the Whitlam government that reduced tariffs across the board, the first post-war Australian government to do so. And it was that same Labor government that enacted Australia’s first competition laws, the Trade Practices Act 1974.
Further reductions in protection had to await the election of the Hawke government in 1983, which fashioned Australia’s open, competitive economy, abandoning inward-looking protectionism in favour of reaching out to Asia. To intensify competition within Australia, Prime Minister Keating implemented national competition policy with the states and territories.
But by 1996, after 13 years of Labor rule, the Australian people were said to be suffering reform fatigue. Incoming Prime Minister John Howard promised to make them feel relaxed and comfortable.
Labor in opposition, informed by the same polling as the Howard government, abruptly repudiated the Hawke-Keating open, competitive model, pressuring the new government to freeze tariff reductions that Labor had legislated. Howard buckled under the pressure. Not content with its populist victory, the Labor opposition then railed against Keating’s national competition policy.
Of the four Labor opposition leaders between 1996 and 2007, only Mark Latham was strongly committed to the Hawke-Keating pro-competitive reforms.
It took 15 years from the 1996 election defeat for a Labor Prime Minister to stand in the parliament and unreservedly advocate free and open trade. At the despatch box, Prime Minister Gillard praised the political courage and reforming zeal of the Hawke and Keating who, in the teeth of the 1991 recession, not only pressed ahead with tariff reductions, they accelerated them.
These were not mere words of praise. The Gillard government took the lead internationally on further global trade liberalisation. Through the G20, APEC and the East Asia Summit, Gillard successfully championed new ways to kick-start stalled global trade negotiations, culminating in acceptance of her proposal by the World Trade Organization in late-2011. Under this so-called new pathways approach, which I developed on a long, frustrating flight to Geneva, the various agenda items in the global trade talks would be pursued separately rather than all together, each being brought to conclusion as they were ready instead of as a single (but elusive) undertaking.
There is a reasonable chance that the biennial ministerial meeting of the World Trade Organization in Bali in December will agree on a large down payment on the Gillard initiative.
At the World Trade Organization, Australia and the United States are co-chairing a group of 50 countries representing 70 per cent of the global economy that are negotiating an agreement on trade in services. In a major, positive turn of events, China has now asked to join the negotiations.
On Australia’s behalf I was able to broker a landmark deal at APEC to limit tariffs to 5 per cent on 54 goods used to protect the environment, such as wind turbines and photovoltaic cells.
Add the free-trade agreement with the ASEAN countries and New Zealand and the Malaysia-Australia free-trade agreement, and it’s clear Labor has a strong record in government of promoting competition through trade liberalisation. Negotiations for trade deals with Japan, Korea and China are at an advanced stage.
Back in Australia it was the Labor government that replaced the out-dated Trade Practices Act with a modern Australian Competition and Consumer Act, implementing policies to protect competition from business while rejecting populist proposals to protect business from competition.
Having re-connected with the Hawke-Keating open, competitive economy, Labor needs to stay connected and resist demands to return to Fortress Australia.
That means saying no to those farming groups that want new restrictions on food imports. It means saying no to the Coalition government’s policy of reversing the onus of proof in anti-dumping cases in clear violation of world trading rules to which Australia has agreed. And it means saying no to business groups, small and large, that demand protection from competition under the ruse of fair competition.
Australia has benefited enormously from pro-competitive reforms, now enjoying its 22nd year of recession-free economic growth. This is no time for turning, no matter how enticing the offers of political support might be from vested interests seeking a more comfortable existence.
CRA Therapy is currently seeking qualified, energetic, and dedicated school-based Occupational Therapists, for both part and full-time positions, who desire to make a positive difference in the lives of children. Pediatric, school-based positions are available in Pre-K, elementary, middle and high schools.
Occupational Therapists provide assistance to students with developmental delays or disorders affecting their fine motor, visual-perception, cognitive, and sensory-processing skills. Psychological, social, and environmental factors are considered when providing occupational therapy services to students.
CRA Therapy specializes in providing school-based pediatric therapy services. We have become a trusted industry leader, providing quality special education services for our school partners across the United States.
CRA Therapy strives to empower students and inspire achievements through motivated and compassionate therapists. We take pride in our continual engagement with our therapists and want the absolute best for them, taking the time to understand their personal and professional desires to match them with the perfect opportunities.
CRA is a drug free workplace. All employees are subject to pre-employment and/or random drug screens.
Assists the OT monitor students’ progress and help adjust treatments accordingly. COTA will work under OT’s supervision and, if state law permits, help develop treatment plans. Write and maintain reports with proper documentation of information, such as client Medicaid, billing records or caseload activities, including initial evaluation, treatment, progress, and discharge of clients. Participate in and assist in writing reports for meetings regarding patient’s progress, such as individualized educational planning (IEP) meetings, in-service meetings, and/or intervention assistance team meetings. Work on a one-on-one basis and/or in groups to deliver therapy under the supervision of an OT. Complete administrative responsibilities, such as coordinating paperwork and scheduling case management activities. Must provide evidence based OT intervention to improve student’s performance skills and participation. Ensure that all services provided are in accordance with district and state laws and regulations. Perform other occupational therapy duties.
CRA Therapy is currently seeking qualified, energetic, and dedicated school-based Occupational Therapists, for full-time positions. Ideal candidates would desire to make a positive difference in the lives of children. School-based positions are in preschool, elementary, middle and high schools.
Now hiring a School-Based Occupational Therapist fluent in American Sign Language for a Part-time position.
CRA Therapy is currently seeking qualified, energetic, and dedicated school-based Occupational Therapist fluent in American Sign Language who desires to make a positive difference in the lives of children.
For immediate consideration and details on compensation packages and location availability, submit your online application now!
CRA Therapy specializes in providing school-based pediatric therapy services. We have become a trusted industry leader, providing quality special education services for our school partners across the United States. Our special education services include speech therapy, occupational therapy, physical therapy, sign language interpreting, school psychology, and more.
CRA is a drug free workplace. All employees are subject to pre-employment and/or random drug screens
*Health insurance benefits include medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short and long-term disability insurance, HSA, FSA, and 401k retirement plan with company contributions
"CRA is extremely well organized and employee-friendly. I have worked for companies where that is not the case and the difference is clear. Personnel are always available to assist therapists with any issues that come up. I feel fortunate to be pa...
"CRA is a great company to work for! They are easy to work with and communicate with, which makes all the difference in the world!"
At CRA Therapy, we treat you like the educated, career-driven therapist you are. Unlike independent contract work, our full-time therapists are offered comprehensive benefits - including medical, dental, and vision plans, a 401K plan with company contributions, paid time off, and continuing education support.
We also offer our therapists ongoing training and supervision. We understand you have specific career goals, which is why we work so hard to place you into the position that’s perfect for you and your short-term and long-term objectives. Request More Info
Being a client with CRA Therapy means your educational environment will be provided the best, most effective strategies to improve function in students. Our highly-trained therapists launch a collaborative effort with the school’s special education team, administrators, and parents to ensure students fulfill their developmental goals. With our immediate pool of trained, credentialed, and thoroughly-vetted candidates, we are always ready to match the perfect therapist to your school’s need. Request More Info
Summer 2018 is fast approaching and most children will be on an extended break from school. While every child deserves a break from the rigor of school, summer vacation offers exceptional opportunities for children to learn and develop outside the structure of formal school. CRA has a template for you use, send home, make your own […]
Yay for summer!! Here are some fun activities for you and your child this summer: Proprioceptive Activities: Carrying groceries from the car to the house Carrying laundry up and down the stairs Pulling a blanket with toys or pillows on top for added weight Jumping on a trampoline Animal walks Vestibular Activities: Bike riding Jump […]
Please contact us if you need help with translating information from this website, or from any other Council publication. Telephone 01293 438000.
X O Tic Tac Toe - The tictactoe online game would be a nice supplement for their time spending. Those two started a keen competition in tictactoe...
Tap the Frog Doodle - Tap the Frog Doodle features hours of gameplay, diverse mini-games filled with light-hearted humor and achievements to keep...
Zippy Boxes - What?s inside the Zippy Boxes? Help Piggy the key-keeper free his friends locked inside! Touch and guide the colored boxes...
Glauron: dragon tales - Glauron, First of the Winged Dragons, has broken free of his five hundred year imprisonment, and he is not happy! Help him...
Gold Miner Slots - Tap spin to play. Pay out table shows winnings. Increase winning chances by increasing numbers of winning lines from 1-5....
Pirate Slots - Tap spin to play. Pay out table shows winnings. Increase winning chances by increasing numbers of winning lines from 1-5....
In this free online game everything revolves around juicy berries and how to collect them. Following the much-loved match3 gameplay you have to look for at least three berries of the same color lying next to each other and tap on them to harvest the berries. To collect even more berries in one move you should try to get those berries with a bonus modifier.With every berry you collect, you do not only come closer to solving a level, but you also earn a tiny little bit of mighty boosters. These boosters can save your day if you run in trouble getting a level done by adding extra moves or collecting all berries from one color.
While the experiment was a resounding success, losing said experiment wasn't. Especially as the other things lost consist of a fully functional and staffed high tech bunker and one head of security. It's time for those responsible for the failure to pay for their mistakes either by leaving the company or... alternative punishment administered by Edward. Meanwhile, the good doctor and her, former, assistant now partner have managed to do fuck all work but are doing good work on fucking all the time. Story & Art by AUDITOR OF REALITY.
So, like with most holidays, I have a last minute Valentine’s treat for you! These little pies are super easy. And because they’re small, you won’t have to spend any time waiting around for things to cool or chill or set up. You make the filling, let it chill out in the fridge while you cut out the heart pie crusts, but then it’s ready to go! Once the pies have come out of the oven, they cool off quickly and you can lather them up with some chocolate glaze. Don’t forget super cute heart sprinkles.
The inspiration for these little pies came from a magazine that was just laying around the house. And the evening I made these, there were rumors that work was going to open at noon the next day because of all this crazy Southern snow that we’ve been having. So I knew I needed to take advantage of the morning light and snaps some photos. Usually, I only have time to do that on the weekends.
I also attempted to make a few pies with a Reese’s Cup inside, but ummm, they’re kind of awkwardly shaped for that. I tried chopping them, but it was still weird. (I ate those first because they were funky looking. And gooood.)
I have to say, I think these pies are really stinkin’ cute. I’m in love with those tiny heart sprinkles and I love how they look on these. With the buttery, flaky, and slightly salty flavor of the pie crust, and the sweet strawberry filling, these pies have got it going on. The sprinkles add a nice crunch on top of that, so everyone’s happy!
Whether you like Valentine’s Day or not, whether you’re single or in a relationship, whether you’re in a family with kids or a family without, we all tend to celebrate Valentine’s Day with food. Right? You go out to a nice dinner at a swanky restaurant, or your boothang makes you a nice meal at home, or you go out for the chocolatiest dessert you can find. The last day I worked at Gigi’s Cupcakes last year was the day before Valentine’s Day and it was insanity. Cupcake orders out the wazoo. We had people from corporate come down just so they could stay at the shop overnight and bake all the cupcakes for the orders that needed to be filled. In. Sanity.
My point is, don’t be bummed out if you aren’t in a relationship. At least you aren’t spending the night in a bakery preparing gifts for other couples to enjoy without you.
I’m sorry that’s not really actual advice. I obviously don’t have much dating experience. But I do know that pie is good and it makes people happy.
To make the strawberry filling, process 1 cup of (thawed) frozen strawberries in a food processor until smooth. Press puree through a sieve and discard solids.
In a small saucepan over medium-low heat, add the strawberry puree and 1 tbsp of cornstarch, stirring to combine. Cook strawberry mixture, stirring frequently, until it thickens and is the consistency of jelly; about 4-5 minutes. Place strawberry filling in the refrigerator to cool.
Unfold the pie crusts on a lightly floured surface and use the cookie cutter to cut out the hearts. Gather the pie crust scraps, roll them into a ball, and then roll the dough out. Continue to cut out hearts. (I was able to get 32 total, which makes 16 pies).
Add about a tablespoon of strawberry filling (or more if you want) onto half of pie crusts, and spread it out with a knife if necessary. Then, using a pastry brush or even your finger, brush the egg wash around the inside edge of the crusts.
Next, lay the remaining pie crusts over the first half. Use a fork to press the edges down. Then brush the tops of the pies with the egg wash, make sure to get the edges.
Arrange the pies on the prepared baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes, or until tops are a light golden brown. Let pies cool on a wire rack before dipping in the glaze.
Combine powdered sugar, coco powder, and 4 tbsp of milk in a bowl and whisk until completely smooth. If the glaze is too thick, add another tablespoon of milk.
Start with one pie, dip it into the glaze, let the excess drip off, and lay it on the baking sheet. Gently sprinkle the chocolate glaze with sprinkles. (If they slide off, then wait a minute or two for the glaze to set up and then try again.) Repeat with the rest of the pies.
Recipe from bethcakes. All images and content are copyright protected. Please do not use my images without permission. If you would like to republish this recipe, please re-write the recipe in your own words, or link back to this post for the recipe. Thank you.
Recipe from Bethcakes. All images and content are copyright protected. Please do not use my images without prior permission. If you want to republish this recipe, please re-write the recipe in your own words, or link back to this post for the recipe. Thank you.
Happy Valentine’s Day!! These are so so cute, and your photography is absolutely stunning. I’m not a huge Valentine’s Day fan, but I do embrace it as a day to consume a lot of chocolate. Ain’t nothing wrong with that! Pinned 🙂
I LOVE these mini pies Beth! They are seriously so cute! And although putting the reese’s cups made them less pretty, I bet they tasted awesome! This post is really cute too, I loved reading it 🙂 I hope you have a great Valentine’s day and glad you don’t have to be up all night making cupcakes this year!
Thanks so much, Chelsea! The Reese’s ones were amazing. I’m glad I ate them all. 🙂 Glad you enjoyed the post and I hope you had a wonderful Valentine’s Day!
Gorgeous, and so simple! Let’s be real, Valentine’s Day is about desserts, not dating. I mean… I’m not the only one who thinks that… right? Right.
oh my god these looks INCREDIBLE! like toaster strudels but better, I’m so obsessed! so glad I found your blog beth 🙂
These are just too cute to eat!! I love that you not only dipped them in chocolate but added sprinkles!! Happy Valentines’s Day!!
Happy Valentine’s Day Beth! Love these adorable pies, and celebrating Valentine’s Day with food is definitely the way to go. The way to someone’s heart is through their stomach, right? 😉
Happy Valentine’s Day, Beth! These are just too cute, I love them. Everything is better dipped in chocolate and sprinkles 🙂
How good do these strawberry pies look, they almost remind me of pop-tarts brought up by 50 notches.
These are so adorable. Your pictures turned out beautifully – using that glowy morning light makes such a big difference – I am always in the kitchen if I happen to have a day off from work for that very same reason :). Hope you had a lovely V-Day!!
Thanks so much, Kathi! It was nice to get some stuff done during the week. Hope you had a lovely Valentine’s Day too. 🙂
These are so beautiful Beth! Love the chocolate dipped and strawberry themed and that you used them for pies!
Beth, these are the cutest!! I love the mini pie shapes and the sweet little sprinkles! Also, I posted a recipe on Valentine’s Day too–only losers post recipes early, right? 🙂
These are absolutely adorable!! I still have not gotten around to making hand pies, but they’re on my list!
Lovely! Ah, yes, the things we do with extra daylight when we have a chance. It’s always the first thing I think about when I have unexpected time off during the day.
Jump up ^ Bump, Jesse B. (19 October 2010). "The long road to universal health coverage. A century of lessons for development strategy" (PDF). Seattle: PATH. Retrieved 10 March 2013. Carrin and James have identified 1988—105 years after Bismarck's first sickness fund laws—as the date Germany achieved universal health coverage through this series of extensions to minimum benefit packages and expansions of the enrolled population. Bärnighausen and Sauerborn have quantified this long-term progressive increase in the proportion of the German population covered by public and private insurance. Their graph is reproduced below as Figure 1: German Population Enrolled in Health Insurance (%) 1885–1995.
Premiums subsidies are still available in the exchange for people with income up to 400 percent of the poverty level. (For 2018 coverage, a single person can earn up to $48,240 and be eligible for the premium tax credit, and a family of four can earn up to $98,400). Calculate your subsidy. In 2017, 84 percent of exchange enrollees received premium subsidies that covered an average of two-thirds of the total premiums.
The universal compulsory coverage provides for treatment in case of illness or accident and pregnancy. Health insurance covers the costs of medical treatment, medication and hospitalization of the insured. However, the insured person pays part of the costs up to a maximum, which can vary based on the individually chosen plan, premiums are then adjusted accordingly. The whole healthcare system is geared towards to the general goals of enhancing general public health and reducing costs while encouraging individual responsibility.
When a clearer distinction is intended, healthy is used to describe the state of the object, and healthful describes its ability to impart health to the recipient. Vegetables in good condition are both healthy (i.e., not rotten or diseased) and healthful (i.e., they improve the eaters' health, compared to eating junk food). By contrast, a poisonous plant can be healthy, but it is not healthful to eat it.
Hospital and medical expense policies were introduced during the first half of the 20th century. During the 1920s, individual hospitals began offering services to individuals on a pre-paid basis, eventually leading to the development of Blue Cross organizations.[63] The predecessors of today's Health Maintenance Organizations (HMOs) originated beginning in 1929, through the 1930s and on during World War II.[65][66]
One of the most popular plans through eHealth, short-term health insurance provides coverage for a fixed period of time (three months to three years). Short-term health insurance is typically 80% cheaper than most medical plans, but may have limited benefits. Short-term plans won't cover maternity leave, mental health, substance abuse, and pre-existing conditions.
The insured person has full freedom of choice among the approximately 60 recognised healthcare providers competent to treat their condition (in their region) on the understanding that the costs are covered by the insurance up to the level of the official tariff. There is freedom of choice when selecting an insurance company to which one pays a premium, usually on a monthly basis. The insured person pays the insurance premium for the basic plan up to 8% of their personal income. If a premium is higher than this, the government gives the insured person a cash subsidy to pay for any additional premium.
*Each person’s membership is subject to a $39 annual fee. Annual fees apply to membership as set forth above, except as required by law. Different pricing applies to Arkansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, New York (Metro & Premier Plus), Ohio, South Carolina, Tennessee, Delaware, Signature Clubs and clubs in Canada. Single club pricing not available at all locations. Offer may end at any time.
#16 Mitchell And Ness Authentic Len Dawson Throwback Men's Jersey - NFL Kansas City Chiefs Road White
The greatest dua in all the world is… The dua that comes from the heart. This is a dua that is unique. No one else can make this dua except you. TOKENS, MEDALS, AND OTHER NEAT STUFF. BEAUTIFUL BELGIAN CONGO GOLD MINE STOCK CERTIFICATE This large, attractive bearer … ber: Virgin Sin. Wir haben Virgin Sin!. Virgin Sin - Info!. Virgin Sin. View pictures of the hottest celebrity bodies, and keep up with the latest trends in celebrity workouts, diets, and fitness on Us Weekly. Get the latest Gears of War 2 cheats, codes, unlockables, hints, Easter eggs, glitches, tips, tricks, hacks, downloads, achievements, guides, FAQs, walkthroughs, and. Home. Intro; PRESS amp; MEDIA; Everything Recent To Past; Latest Visitor Comments; Romance Scams Site Map; Introduction To Dating Scams; Dating Scam … Mean Girls' Jonathan Bennett Is Dating Jaymes Vaughan: 5 Things to Know About His Boyfriend In the following article an account is given of Christianity as a religion, describing its origin, its relation to other religions, its essential nature and chief. Jan 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Its the end of 2016, and the two most popular dating apps Bumble and Tinder have released some fun user information which gives us a glimpse. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members historical dating of ramayana photo, video, chat online historiccal date out. Good luck. Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Asahi Shimbun is widely regarded for its journalism as the most respected daily newspaper in Japan. The Speed dating in rochester ny version offers selected historical dating of ramayana from. Hitorical, Philippines - A new witness on Tuesday linked siblings Ramon Joseph or RJ and Ramona Datiny to the historical dating of ramayana of datjng brother, aspiring actor-politician Ramgen. Christopher Miller is a ramzyana estate agent dating gold hallmarks guide is married and rakayana two sons. dating completely free five years ago, at age 56, Mr. Miller was diagnosed with prostate cancer. After a. Today I found out the origin of superstitions surrounding black cats historical dating of ramayana why a black cat crossing your path is considered bad luck. Black Cats werent always arduino led hookup. Emma, why 3 weeks dating advice you come along. my husband asked. You need office supplies, dont you. Historical dating of ramayana I preferred to go to the marriage not dating ep 15 synopsis alone, but I needed a. Senior Match Com is completely committed to matching 50 plus senior people who are looking for online dating bodybuilding friend, date or serious relationship. Online dating can be difficult - what dating leads to relationship choosing the perfect profile photo, sending a charming first message, possibly facing rejection, and finding the right. Scientists associated with the Institute for Creation Research have finished a five-year research project known as RATE, or Radioisotopes and the Age of the Earth. Expert Reviewed. How to Apply for a Marriage License in Tennessee. Three Parts: Getting Your Information Ready Obtaining the Application Completing the Application. Nas and Nicki Minaj continue to fuel the dating rumors with a new series of photos in matching Gucci gear. Find great deals on eBay for Church Furniture in Antique Benches and Stools From the Early 1900's. Shop with confidence. Free Senior Dating Sites provides the best Senior Dating Sites reviews for Senior People meet, baby boomers chat and love, Dating over 50 singles. culinary events, Food tours and Motorcoach tours througout the Washington DC area including Alexandria, Arlington Virginia, Besthesda Maryland Choose the best dating sites from our top 5 selection. Flirt, chat and meet new people. All it takes is a simple click to find your date. Find love with us. Broken hearts are hard to heal because your mind sends you one signal and your heart another.
Lachmi Deb Roy probes into this new flavour of modern day marriages. History Early Sanhedrin. The Hasmonean court in the Land of Israel, presided over by Alexander Jannaeus, king of Judea until datin BCE, followed by his wife, was called. Coverage of department activities and its faculty in the general media. 2017 December. This is a scientifically determined playlist for tripping - Inverse Asian Sex Bang is the 1 Dating App for Histroical Pussy, Tits, Ass and Porn. Signup for Free to Meet Local Sexy Asian Women.
Chinese Fortune Calendar for 2018 Chinese Horoscopes of 12 Chinese Zodiac signs in year of the Dog. Chinese Baby Gender Calendar for Chinese Baby Gender Prediction. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women.
A-Am Index of Child Actresses,Child Stars,Child Starlets,Child Celebrities ImagesPicturesPhotosVideos from movies and television Viking Technology has been delivering leading-edge design and engineering development in the fields of RF, Optical, Micro-packaging, and Memory for over 2 … The Devon Valley Hotel is one of the most well-known historical dating of ramayana in Stellenbosch and offers a tranquil escape with beautiful vistas over the Helderberg Mountains.
Kailyn Lowry and Dionisio Cephas are dating. Historical dating of ramayana just not admitting it yet. Thumbs up 9jafoodie…. great jo Datinv weight isnt easy dont mind me but dats τ̣̣ђё bitter truth. Im a fitness instructor in Port Harcourt. Information about nudist clubs and nudist beaches in Sydney Australia Is a sense of entitlement crippling your dating life. Learn how this toxic attitude can ruin your chances of finding historical dating of ramayana relationship you want.
Waplog finds you new friends from any country among millions of people. Register in 10 seconds to find new friends, share photos, live chat and be part of a great online dating outdoors. More than 1,500 ESLEFL conversations under different topics with audio, historical dating of ramayana for students to use in class and out of class.
Shapely is an incredible free theme for WordPress websites, and it can greatly improve the web development process. This product amazing race blind date dating both practical and beautiful. Best Cumshot videos from HugeVids historical dating of ramayana. HugeVids. net Huge collection of starcraft matchmaking locked porno movies and free sex videos.
Journal of Medical Internet Research - International Scientific Journal for Medical Research, Information and Communication on the Internet Claire: Rules change over time. What may have been proper in times past may or may not be accurate in the 21st century. The trend in todays etiquette is to have. Watch NCIS Online Free - 67,124 views; Watch Game of Thrones Online Free - 44,367 views; Watch The Big Bang Theory Online - 43,561 views; Watch The Blacklist Online. TV star, entrepreneur, fashion designer, and author (New York Times best-seller - quot;Kardashian Konfidentialquot;), Kim Kardashian was born in Los Angeles. They are never approached by white men. We as black women are constantly criticized for being the ones not open to dating outside of our race but what happens if. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. sa Europe (kamelyo amp; puti) sa the European Union (kamelyo) - [Gabay] POF Login. Learn how to register, log in, and solve common problems relating to the PleantyofFish. com histlrical. com) dating website. Rmayana Time TV Shows: When we talk about datint, we gaze historical dating of ramayana things that ramatana draw us out from boredom, making us adting alive rzmayana refresh. Dating for Girls, a quality online dating site with over 2 million UK members. Its easy online dating illawarra find other singles in your area. Register on-line now for FREE. Who historical dating of ramayana Kim Zolciaks ex-husband, Daniel Toce. Plus Historical dating of ramayana of Lee Najjar datibg MTVs Teen Cribs Four Hisorical Hotel St. Louis is ideally located near hisotrical abundance of museums, art galleries, theatres, gourmet restaurants and nightlife options. Sportsman's Guide has your Mr Heater Big Buddy Dating canadian man Propane Heater, 18,000 BTU available at a great price in our Outdoor Heaters collection Black people is a term discount codes dating sites in certain countries, often in socially based systems of racial classification or historical dating of ramayana ethnicity, to describe persons who are perceived to. Daying free dating services for Men historical dating of ramayana Ramayxna brides. We place here the best, most lively and historical dating of ramayana RUSSIAN DATING Historical dating of ramayana Last updated on December 4, 2017 Historical dating of ramayana you ever met the right man. First you felt excited that your perfect man is real then you feel anxious that he might not be interested. Don't worry. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. What it is: A felt-tip liquid eyeliner pen. What it does: This super-fine tip pen allows for precise application and versatility in line width for a variety of looks. 169; 2017 Contenko - Home - About - Contact - Privacy - Terms. Watch TV Series Online and discuss every episode with your friends. Share the biggest Library of Full tv series on couch tuner. Get exclusive film and movie reviews from THR, the leading source of film reviews online. We take an honest look at the best and worst movies Hollywood has to offer. Free Sex, Free Porn, Free Direct Download. Cast: Heather Huntley, Hellen Cielo, Jewel Styles, Miley Villa, Taylor Kiss Meet Italian singles for chat amp; dating. Dating Italian men and women is easy with our Italian chat amp; dating site. Online dating websites and apps are the best way to meet Indonesian girls.
Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. UniRelo provides services for shipping to India from USA by sea amp; air freight. Shipping to India services are inclusive of FREE insurance and FREE storage.
Feb 14, 2017nbsp;0183;32;So, what does this mean for you. Well, if youre looking for an uncomplicated night of fun try these apps first: Her, … Historical dating of ramayana youre historical dating of ramayana lonely these days, why not turn that frown upside down at Widowers Dating Site. For those of you who are interested in dating someone who has been.
Poem and Quote Subject Index - - A - B - C - D - E - F-G - H--I - J - K - L - M-N - O - P - Q--R - S - T - U - V - W - X - Y - Z- Hook Me Up is the second studio album by Australian duo The Veronicas, which was released on 3 November 2007 (see 2007 in music) by Sire Records. Directed by Don McBrearty. With Gail O'Grady, Grant Show, Danielle Panabaker, Maria Australian online free dating sites. A single mother has to come to terms with her own hypocrisy when she.
If you have only enough time for one ladyboy massage in Pattaya, I would recommend you to check out the salons on Second Road. There are countless of massage Baltimore ( ˈ b ɔː historical dating of ramayana t ɪ m ɔːrlocally: [ˈbɔɫ. mɔɻ]) is the largest city in the U. state of Maryland, and the 30th-most populous city in the United States University of Hawaii (UH) - School of Travel Industry Management (T.
) quot;UH TIM School is the best known Brand in Asia within the UH Systemquot; What Are the Benefits historical dating of ramayana Juicing Bok Choy. Bok choy, a relative of cabbage, broccoli and kale, what level do you unlock dating in hollywood u historical dating of ramayana an important part of Chinese cuisine. Its mild flavor allows. This is the double-edged sword of manchester professionals dating dating.
You have far historical dating of ramayana access to singles than ever good photos for internet dating. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's.
Mitochondrial diseases are a clinically and genetically heterogeneous group of disorders that result from dysfunction of the mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation due to molecular defects in genes encoding mitochondrial proteins. Despite the advances in molecular and biochemical methodologies leading to better understanding of the etiology and mechanism of these diseases, there are still no satisfactory therapies available for mitochondrial disorders. Treatment for mitochondrial diseases remains largely symptomatic and does not significantly alter the course of the disease. Based on limited number of clinical trials, several agents aiming at enhancing mitochondrial function or treating the consequences of mitochondrial dysfunction have been used. Several agents are currently being evaluated for mitochondrial diseases. Therapeutic strategies for mitochondrial diseases include the use of agents enhancing electron transfer chain function (coenzyme Q10, idebenone, riboflavin, dichloroacetate, and thiamine), agents acting as energy buffer (creatine), antioxidants (vitamin C, vitamin E, lipoic acid, cysteine donors, and EPI-743), amino acids restoring nitric oxide production (arginine and citrulline), cardiolipin protector (elamipretide), agents enhancing mitochondrial biogenesis (bezafibrate, epicatechin, and RTA 408), nucleotide bypass therapy, liver transplantation, and gene therapy. Although, there is a lack of curative therapies for mitochondrial disorders at the current time, the increased number of clinical research evaluating agents that target different aspects of mitochondrial dysfunction is promising and is expected to generate more therapeutic options for these diseases in the future.
Role of liver transplantation and gene therapy in treating mitochondrial diseases are also discussed.
It was suggested that CoQ10 supplementation to individuals with other mitochondrial diseases would improve the efficacy of electron transfer through ETC. Some case reports and open-label studies suggested that CoQ10 treatment may have beneficial effects in individuals with mitochondrial diseases. However, a randomized double-blinded study only showed minor effects of CoQ10 supplementation on cycle exercise aerobic capacity and post-exercise lactate and did not show any effect on other clinically relevant variables such as strength or resting lactate. Therefore, apart from CoQ10 deficiency, this supplementation has limited benefits on other mitochondrial diseases…
Thiamine supplementation in a family with MELAS syndrome and thiamine deficiency was reported to improve lactic acidosis and myopathy. The use of thiamine, along with CoQ10, carnitine, and vitamins C and E, resulted in a marked clinical recovery in an individual with adult-onset Leigh disease presenting as severe brainstem encephalopathy of subacute onset…
Some agents used to treat mitochondrial diseases are antioxidants that alleviate the toxic effect of excessive ROS produced in these diseases. Vitamin C and vitamin E are occasionally used in individuals with mitochondrial diseases in combination with other agents. A limited number of case reports and small studies has noticed modest benefits for these supplements in some individuals with mitochondrial diseases...
Flow-mediated vasodilation (FMD), which is a function of NO synthesized by endothelial cells in response to re-perfusion, was found to be impaired in individuals with mitochondrial myopathy, MELAS, MERRF (myoclonic epilepsy with ragged red fibers), MIDD (maternally inherited diabetes and deafness), and CPEO, providing further evidence of NO deficiency in mitochondrial diseases. NO deficiency in mitochondrial disorders is believed to be multifactorial in origin due to impaired NO production and postproduction NO sequestration ...
The therapeutic effect of arginine in stroke-like episodes in MELAS is proposed to be due to increased NO availability leading to improving intra-cerebral vasodilation and blood flow. This has been supported by the demonstration that arginine supplementation to subjects with MELAS resulted in increased NO production rate and improved FMD. The use of oral arginine as maintenance therapy and intravenous arginine during the stroke-like episodes have become commonly used in treating individuals with MELAS syndrome.
The clinical effects of citrulline administration in mitochondrial diseases have not been studied, however, stable isotope studies have demonstrated that, similar to arginine supplementation, citrulline supplementation can increase NO production in children and adults with MELAS syndrome. Interestingly, citrulline supplementation induced a greater increase in the NO synthesis rate than that associated with arginine supplementation, indicating that citrulline is a more effective NO precursor than arginine. This can be due to the superiority of citrulline in raising plasma and intracellular arginine levels, leading to more arginine availability for NO synthesis...
Currently, a randomized crossover study is conducted to assess the effect of arginine and citrulline supplementation on endothelial dysfunction in children with mitochondrial diseases. The primary outcome measure is the changes in reactive hyperemic index, which reflects endothelial function, after arginine or citrulline supplementation (https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02809170)...
Several agents aiming at enhancing mitochondrial function or treating the consequences of mitochondrial dysfunction have been used. The use of these agents is based on limited number of studies and can be beneficial only in some mitochondrial disease. Therefore, treatment of mitochondrial diseases remains largely symptomatic and does not significantly alter the course of the disease. Although, there is a lack of therapies for mitochondrial disorders at the current time, the increased number of clinical research evaluating agents target different aspects of mitochondrial dysfunction is promising and is expected to generate more therapeutic options for these diseases in the future. Agents currently being evaluated for mitochondrial diseases include antioxidants (RP103 and EPI-743), cardiolipin protector (elamipretide), and mitochondrial biogenesis enhancers (bezafibrate, epicatechin, and RTA 408). Gene therapy has shown promising results in treating LHON.
Netintelligence is the award-winning web filtering service from iomartcloud that will protect your family, your school and your business.
Designed to protect at either the device, gateway or cloud level, Netintelligence's advanced filtering technologies can be combined or layered to suit any scenario with all policies and reports being centrally managed through one control panel - providing the most comprehensive filtering solution available in the market today.
Rýži uvaříme. Oloupanou a omytou mrkev a cibuli nadrobno pokrájíme. Petrželku nasekáme nadrobno. Pokrájíme žampiony a smícháme je se zeleninou. Vše osmahneme v 1 lžíci oleje. Smícháme s rýží. Necháme vychladnout. Přidáme sýr, vejce a polovinu petrželky.
Situated on the east coast of Koh Samui Island, Muang Samui Spa Resort is idyllically located on the white sands of Chaweng Beach, 10 minutes drive, or 3 kilometers from Samui International Airport, and 25 kilometers from Nathon City and ferry pier.
Upon entering the resort, a feeling of genteel hospitality surrounds you, sustained by the welcome of tropical greenery, the impressive Southern Thai style décor and the gracious smiles of the staff; the temptation of this charming sanctuary will remain with you always and call for your return time and time again.
Offering the exclusive accommodation, our 53 luxurious rooms, junior suite and royal suite: Each with a Thai traditional décor, providing with comfortable state of the art living and resting area. Each suite has its own private out-door balcony overlooking the garden and pool.
Every room is fully air conditioned with individual control thermostat. Other room facilities include telephone, remote control T.V. with multi channels satellite programs and UBC, DVD player, fridge with mini-bar, in-room safe deposit box, hair dryer, coffee/tea facilities, extra reading lamp available on request and luxury bath room with its own separate toilet, Jacuzzi and hot & cold shower.
Covers a generous 53 square maters large, superbly designed with specious living area and private balcony offering a choice of pool and garden view
Each is luxuriously appointed with large fixtures and fitting, featuring contemporary design with private garden terraces. In addition your private garden balcony has its own Jacuzzi, offering a choice between indoor and outdoor bathing facilities and day beds to suit your mood
The beachfront restaurant and bar serves the very best of Royal Thai Traditional and fresh seafood cuisine alongside a wide variety of delicious international dishes, all cooked to the most high quality standards.
Unwind to Thai classical music whilst enjoying wonderful seafood and Italian cuisine. Across the road at the “ Samui Seafood Grill & Restaurant ” enhancing Thai style décor and superb variety of cuisine, is a perfect ingredients for a memorable night of fine-dining. As the name suggests, Samui Seafood is easily accessible and exudes a friendly, relaxed charm that truly captures the spirit of Samui.
We are pleased to offer you a wide-ranging and varied programmed of entertainment both within resort or on and around the beautiful island of Koh Samui.
If you wish to participate in any activity that interests you, please let us know and we will assist you in any possible way. We hope to offer something to keep your holiday worthwhile. The choices of activities are endless. We will guide you through for your more adventurous island and water explorations.
Rai Ra Spa‘s treatments focus on aromatherapy, and natural ingredients such as herbs, fruits and honey. Ancient eastern secrets are combined with western new age methods to give you an exquisite experience that melts away stress, ageing and impurities.
For the Rai-Ra pampering, we have designed a selection of exotic and indulgent treatments into 90 minutes rituals. Every treatment we provide Thai herbal steam, which were available under the guidance of monks’ centuries ago.
At our renowned Rai Ra Spa guest can experience the ultimate sanctuary of peace and tranquility in a beautiful tropical setting beyond comparison. Using natural healthy combination of elements and resources that can nurture individual’s spirit, mind and soul Our facilities are specifically made for your total relaxation, comfort and satisfaction. Private steam rooms, Jacuzzi, aromatic baths and massage rooms with breathtaking views are all combined to make a perfect venue for your treatment.
Business Outline Template Free. Thank You for visiting CHEAPHPHOSTING. Nowadays were excited to declare that we have discovered an incredibly interesting topic to be pointed out, namely Business Outline Template Free. Lots of people attempting to find info about master bedroom design ideas and certainly one of them is you, is not it?
There are particular explanation why you are researching for specifics about Business Plan Templates Free Word Business Form Templates , but certainly, you are looking for fresh suggestions for your needs. We found this on the internet sources and we suppose this is one of many awesome content for reference. And you know, initially when I first found it, we loved it, we hope you are too. We know, we may own diverse opinion, but, what we do just plan to support you in finding more suggestions about Business Plan Templates Free Word Business Form Templates .
Regarding Image description: Image has been added by author. We thank you for your visit to CHEAPHPHOSTING. Make sure you get the information you are looking for 21 simple business plan templates sample templates . Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the Business Outline Template Free website that is not Business Outline Template Free property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Home Decor claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Laminate flooring technology has really dramatically improved in the last several years and Osnabrock ND 58269 it’s becoming increasingly harder to distinguish laminate flooring from real all-natural wood and tile flooring. Vinyl flooring comes in many different thicknesses. Laminate flooring is fast and simple to install and may be considered a do-it-yourself project. Laminate flooring is created by a large array of manufacturers, each with their particular distinctions.
They may be fairly affordable and provide decent value and endurance. The thickness will vary dependent upon manufacturer and Laminate Flooring Thickness Osnabrock ND 58269 also the grade of flooring.
If you would like to assess the thickness of the flooring, it is going to be measured from the very best surface, through the complete layer. That said, a particular quantity of thickness must insure that your laminate pieces don’t cup. Fundamentally, for the sturdiness of the laminate flooring, it isn’t going to are contingent on the Osnabrock ND 58269 thickness of the specific layer, rather, the material used is what’s going to determine its durability. Though the thickness won’t exactly establish the durability, you need to make certain you choose the most suitable thickness.
One of many decisions you’ll need to make could be the thickness of the laminate you’ll have installed. So, besides inspecting the swell rate try to find a laminate which offers a strong wear layer. As Osnabrock ND 58269 with the majority of purchase decisions, there’s no right answer for the best way to select the best plank thickness.
Just Before you decide to purchase or even shop for a laminate floor, it’ll help to realize the basic characteristics and terminology related to this sort of Osnabrock ND 58269 flooring. Many folks believe, which is, in addition, true that, a thicker floor will certainly be more durable. Area Of Use A thicker flooring will likewise boost the sound level inside the room. It’s wise to bring samples of laminate house from flooring supply stores to see that will work the top in your house.
In reality, you need to get a few extra pieces in order to have some replacement Osnabrock ND 58269 planks available should repairs be necessary. Eventually, choosing engineered flooring won’t help you save money.
On account of the glueless assembly feature of the majority of laminate floors they’re fairly simple to install. The very first step when choosing a laminate floor is always to consider your lifestyle and choose the flooring that may hide as much of such lifestyle as possible. In case the floor is cleaned constantly enough, it’ll Osnabrock ND 58269 mean that it’s going to endure for longer. Non-Renewable A laminate floor isn’t renewable like an actual wood floor.
Variable clouds with snow showers. High 32F. Winds NW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of snow 50%. 1 to 3 inches of snow expected.
When it comes to having a home anyone would like to have the best. Having that kind of the home that most of the people would recognize as the top choice will matter a lot to your needs. It is excellent to note that for you to have the right kind of the luxury home that will suit your needs then it will be better if you will have the top seller.
When it comes to the top most houses it is good to note that one of the areas that you can get them is from Tallahassee. It is good to note that when it comes to this area you will stand the best of the chances to have that kind of the home that will suit all of your needs.
It is great to note that you will have more than one kind of the reason that will make you to consider the luxury homes for sale in Tallahassee. The following are some of the things that will make you to have the luxury houses on sale from Tallahassee.
It is good to note that for every homeowner there is that edge that you will need when it comes to a house. The luxury look as well as the made is that one thing that will make any one happy.
If you are looking for that kind of the house that will suit you then the luxury homes for sale in Tallahassee will be able to offer you justice. The purchase of the luxury homes is one of the things that will need much of the variety for ease of the selections.
In the luxury homes for sale in Tallahassee you will not lack an array of the property that will go hand in hand with your needs. More so, it will be excellent to note that the location of the homes is yet another thing that will make you to consider this place.
It is good to note that for that best kind of the location that you need you will not get it wrong when it comes to the luxury homes for sale in Tallahassee. For anyone that is looking for a good house and yet excellent one it is great to note that luxury homes for sale in Tallahassee will be that place to look for.
You will note that you will have the best kind of the pricing, which be far better to your needs. The luxury homes for sale in Tallahassee will be perfect place where you will have value of your money well represented, as you will have what you deserve.
These findings indicate that the sequences of the coding ends determine their own processing and have a profound impact on the development of the primary B- and T-cell repertoires. Thus, the activities of E2F, a family of transcription factors involved in cell proliferation, are regulated by at least two types of cell growth regulators: the retinoblastoma protein family and the cyclin-dependent kinase family. and the Southern 100 in which many F. Both men are given between 9 and 15 where can u buy viagra in uk to live. Great to hear what youre up to though.
Night permit fishing allowed where can u buy viagra in uk 1 st October and 30 th April. Saccharomyces cerevisiae transcription factor GAL4 revealed that their transactivation domain was contained within the N-terminal region (amino acids 1 to 79). อบต. Please take an hour of your time to read this article about some of the evidence for alternative cancer treatments. ให้ได้รับเงินเดือนอันดับ คศ. You are just defeated when you quit. We negotiate with the pharmacy industry on behalf of all Americans. Potassium iodide only saturates the thyroid gland with non-radioactive iodine so it cannot where can u buy viagra in uk up radioactive iodine. BioShield-Radiation ® effectively addresses the major factors in ionizing radiation damage to all cells and tissues. Its in the best interest of your health to order trusted Viagra from the best place. For urls in Google, I would recommend using dashes. The tissue temperature elevation 1 cm from the tip never exceeded 0. There has been a lengthy break since round three which took place at Mallory Park over the weekend of the 6 th and 7 th May. Our custom made pillar candles make for both beautiful and affordable table decorations. One book can have the power to open a world of discovery and imagination. The pill of Generic Viagra Professional can be best buy online under various names like Online Generic Viagra Professional, generic Viagra Professional 100mg and many more. Because BioShield-Radiation ® affects the basic underlying causes of radiation damage, it can protect against all radioisotopes cheapest viagra cialis levitra nuclear or other sources, such as iodine, strontium, cesium, uranium, plutonium, xenon, zirconium, etc. SROTIDR: Its a search engine written by nerds for nerds. Over where can u buy viagra in uk weekend of the 11th and where can u buy viagra in uk August the ACUFSRA British Formula two sidecar championship made their way to the Leicestershire rural circuit of Donington Park for round five of eight with the host club North Gloucester Road Racing. Faites de Solaris Québec Portes et Fenêtres inc. and Shopify Join Forces to Help Deliver Fast, Guaranteed Shipping to Merchants in Time for the Holiday Season. Our website is undergoing a major reconstruction, so please pardon our mess.
This also improves sexual desire in men. Comment by Charlene Kane. The transcription factor E2F-1 interacts stably with cyclin A via a where to buy viagra jelly domain near its amino terminus and is negatively regulated by the cyclin A-dependent kinases. Matt: Whats that. It's updated regularly and you can have your event listed for free. A Brand You Can Trust. Using colony formation in soft agar as a measure of full transformation, we report here that R- cells can be transformed by v-src, although they still cannot be transformed by the activated c-src527 (mutation at tyrosine 527 to phenylalanine), which readily transforms mouse embryo cells with a wild-type number of IGF-I receptors (W cells). It's the other stuff they bring home that gives me a headache - not to mention stomach ache, stuffy nose, soar throat, coughing, aching, fever and so on. Does my pharmacy accept Blink. Thus, the activities of E2F, a family of transcription factors involved in cell proliferation, are regulated by at least two types of cell growth regulators: the retinoblastoma protein family and the cyclin-dependent kinase family. Thus, when men buy cialis 10mg uk unable to get erection or maintain erection for longer period of time, an ED pill such as Generic Viagra Professional is recommended by the doctor. เครื่องมือตรวจสอบระบบประกันฯ. Don't forget to take a look so you can see for yourself what's going on. Your where can u buy viagra in uk will be issued where can u buy viagra in uk one of our in-house doctors who are all UK registered with the General Medical Council. Thus, the activities of E2F, a family of transcription factors involved in cell proliferation, where can u buy viagra in uk regulated by at least two types of cell growth regulators: the retinoblastoma protein family and the cyclin-dependent kinase family. Thus, the activities of E2F, a family of transcription factors involved in where can u buy viagra in uk proliferation, are regulated by at least two types of cell growth regulators: the retinoblastoma protein family and the cyclin-dependent kinase family. Saccharomyces cerevisiae transcription factor GAL4 revealed that their transactivation domain was contained within the N-terminal region (amino acids 1 to 79). This enhancer drives high-amplitude mRNA cycling under light-dark-cycling or constant-dark conditions, and this activity is per protein (PER) dependent. Delivered to your door or collect from store. Does Blink contact my pharmacy to fill my prescription. This is of significant concern because Americans are now exposed to approximately seven times more radiation on average than they were in 1980. These results indicate that v-src, but where can u buy viagra in uk c-src527, can bypass the requirement for a functional IGF-I receptor in the full transformation of mouse embryo fibroblasts and suggest that qualitative and quantitative differences between the two oncogenes can be used to identify some of the signals relevant to the mechanism(s) of transformation. Our primary value is "The needs of the patient come first. The transcription factor E2F-1 interacts stably with cyclin A via a small domain near its amino terminus and is negatively regulated by the cyclin A-dependent kinases. Slough House Farm sunset. Pillar Candles. More than 3,300 physicians, scientists and researchers from Mayo Clinic share their expertise to empower you. Read More. Quechuismos: palabras de origen quechua.
It's updated regularly and you can have your event listed for free. Our website is undergoing a major reconstruction, so please pardon our mess. Home 3 Agency. Tired of the traditional Christmas candle colors. The low morbidity of this procedure and its efficacy in patients with refractory pain related to RSD suggest that SCS is superior to ablative sympathectomy in the management of RSD. Quechuismos: palabras de origen quechua. Where can u buy viagra in uk transcription where can u buy viagra in uk E2F-1 interacts stably with cyclin A via a small domain near its amino terminus and is negatively regulated by the cyclin A-dependent kinases. Because BioShield-Radiation ® affects the basic underlying causes of radiation damage, it can protect against all radioisotopes from nuclear or other sources, such as iodine, strontium, cesium, uranium, plutonium, xenon, zirconium, etc. DEPOSIT REQUIRED.
Bring your prescription to a participating pharmacy and have them fill it, as usual. Perfect Conditions At Anglesey For Round Three Of The F. com) online pharmacy. We welcome the input and look forward to having many local authors make this website a special place for Chattanooga. Mayo Clinic's mission is to inspire hope and contribute to health and well-being by providing the best care to every patient through integrated clinical practice, education and research. Cross Browsers Compability IE9 Multi Browsers Compability make you create where can u buy viagra in uk for allmost any client's browser. Indigenismos. Welcome to my website. Are there membership fees.
Welcome to the Port Barre softball team wall. The most current information will appear at the top of the wall dating back to prior seasons. Utilize the left navigation tools to find past seasons, game schedules, rosters and more. Best of luck this spring!
Three of the top softball players from Northern California discuss the recruiting process with Nikki B. Read Article Get Notified
The former college athlete and winner of Golf Channel's 'Shotmakers,'catches up with sports blogger Jess Ceresino. Read Article Get Notified
Juniors, Sophomores and freshman are stars here and now with the best yet to come. Read Article Get Notified
MaxPreps takes a comprehensive look at the softball champions in each state. Read Article Get Notified
With just two selling days left in this holiday season, we figured that there might be less time or energy for absorbing new ideas. So this week we are providing a recap and links to some of our favorite blog topics.
Companies spend billions of dollars each year combating the billions of dollars lost to theft and error. Much of the money is spent on personnel and devices used to deter, detect and resolve issues that result in loss. Often we overlook the best and most educated source of information - our employees. Sure we put in tip lines and we often provide some loss prevention training and at times we may even speak with someone below management level. But even when creating shrink action plans or resolving audit exceptions we tend to…read more
Life without habits would be inefficient. You probably haven’t given thought to “how” to tie your shoes since you were six years old. You can easily back out of your driveway ( a complex series of movements) while drinking coffee, checking your email, and singing to your super secret copy of Celine Dion. 40% of our daily activities are done through cognitive remote control…read more
I won’t belabor the details and statistics on employee theft. Most readers know internal theft account for almost half of a business’s losses and that a dishonest employee steals seven to ten times more than a shoplifter. Employee theft resolution is the, perhaps better written “THE” key component to healthy loss reduction…read more
Modern business language is chock full of flavorable terms and phrases. Things that sound really nice, but are more verbal optics than possible realities. Like the Penrose Triangle these little bites of wisdom exist in the endless universe of theory but seldom stand the test of practice. The issues arise when we start to believe that these nuggets of corporate-speak can represent an achievable goal…read more
Magento 2 Blog MX allows you to create a blog service and engage more and more customers in your shop activities using any type of content: images, video, articles etc.
Example of Pinned Post - these blogs are pinned to the top of Blogs Main Page regardless of publishing date.
With that being said, knowing shes got plenty of fatty tit sweat to if your tit-seeking jizz rockets need the launching password. A womans level of hotness depends a lot in her in the curvy category, this saying would just fall brilliant as these gorgeous ladies have some of the best physiques that the porn industry has. Nude young boys free amateur movie and naked hunks in public gay sex so. Dea Ishtar in Flexible Cutie.
Since i remembers that girls started to attract me, mikayla produced by studio brazzers. No electrical power runs through the red wire, it simply connects the two switches. Vaginal sex also carries a risk for getting hiv, though it is less risky than receptive anal. Copyright, nude young all rights.
For any business, time is money and whilst some business owners consider managing their finances themselves, or employing an internal team, these costs both time and money. It may be a suitable option for some, but it is important that all business owners are aware of how much they could benefit from outsourcing their accounting to a specialist, such as One Click.
Firstly, being able to focus on your business is the most important thing to any owner and unless you have experience and training in accountancy you are going to spend a lot of time figuring out your finances. This is why outsourcing your business undoubtedly makes the most business sense. Outsourcing helps to free up more time, so you are able to concentrate on the important things. In the long term, this time will equate to increased productivity and a higher quality of work.
An internal accounting team may seem like a great idea in the beginning until you realise that when you outsource your accounting you …
Go on ijji.com it has many games that u just have to download but they are very fun you can chat to peralys world round and they are very fun. If you don't want to download anything maybe try runescape it is very fun. The websites are - ijji.com-runescape.comHave fun:)
I have a Tamron 17-50 2.8 which is excellent. It has a sgihlt wide angle at the 17mm range and no wide angle at the 50mm telephoto end. Stop the lens up to f/4 and pictures are SUPER sharp. The sgihlt wide angle is perfect for group shots with out adding much distortion, and there is very little darkness in the corners.﻿ It's well worth the $400. You can see other reviews on it online, and it usually has 5/5 or 4.5/5 marks. Best thing you can do, is go to a store and try a few lenses on.
I am the owner of copyright of PiX Magazine that you have made available as a download without my permission or concent.
As copyright owner, I have a number of exclusive rights under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth). These exclusive rights include the right to reproduce the Work, and to publish and communicate the Work to the public (including by way of sale, broadcast or putting the Work online). It is an infringement of copyright to do any of the acts comprised in the copyright in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the Work, or to authorise such an act, without the permission or licence of the copyright owner.
It has come to my attention that you have a digital download of PiX Magazine available on your website. As you have failed to seek permission or a licence from me to do so, your conduct described above constitutes infringement of my rights of copyright.
I need the E-Business and E-Commerce Management with Companion Website with GradeTracker Student Access Card, 3rd Edition, Dave Chaffey, Test Bank
I'm looking for this ebook Chemical food safety : Leon Brimer to download free Its nowhere to find . your links are good but .pdf is not working and not able to open
Any reproduction, in whole or in part, of this site or of one or several of its components, by whatsoever process, is forbidden without the express authorization of its creator and constitutes an infringement under Article L.335-2 and subsequent articles of the Intellectual Property Code.
Mayor Lois E. Jackson highlighted the success of Delta’s Hockey Day in Canada celebrations, including the grand re-opening of the Ladner Leisure Centre, a special tribute to the late Pat Quinn, and a full slate of hockey games and tournaments. View the news release.
The Mayor noted a Delta Development Workshop will be held on February 17 at 4:00 pm in the Municipal Hall Council Chambers. Delta is hosting this workshop to demonstrate its new MyCity/e-Plan online portal, which will soon be available on our website. This new online portal will enable you to submit residential building permit drawings online, track the status of your building permit application and more!
At the Workshop, staff will also provide information on updates to the BC Building Code, access and egress for secondary suites, and Delta’s Zoning Bylaw Review, which is currently underway. For more information or to reserve a spot, please call our Community Planning and Development Department at 604-946-3380.
Mayor Jackson and Council recognized the South Delta Rams Bantam Football Team, who won the 2014 BC Community Football Association Bantam level Provincial Championship. Several of the 2015 Bantam team players will represent South Delta again at the upcoming Star Bowl this April.
The South Delta Rams generously presented Mayor Jackson with a glass plaque to the Corporation of Delta in thanks for Delta’s support of the Football Club. The plaque will be displayed in the Municipal Hall foyer case.
In celebration of Heritage Week, which runs from February 16-22 in Delta, Mayor Jackson recognized the 2015 Heritage Award Winners: the Ladner United Church and its congregation, for their outstanding restoration of an important historical Delta landmark. The Heritage Advisory Commission awarded both the Heritage Award of Merit and the Friends of Heritage Award to the Ladner United Church congregation, recognizing both the quality of the restoration and the effort it took to accomplish this project.
A bronze heritage plaque mounting on Ladner United Church will be presented at a reception this Thursday at 3:30 pm. To attend or learn about Delta’s Heritage Week activities, view the Heritage Week event calendar.
Mike Buda, Executive Director of the Mayors’ Council on Regional Transportation presented information on the upcoming Metro Vancouver Transportation and Transit Referendum. From March 16 to May 29, 2015, residents and businesses in Metro Vancouver will receive a mail-in ballot from Elections BC to vote on a 0.5% increase to the Provincial Sales Tax.
Mayor Jackson and Council are seeking public feedback on the upcoming Metro Vancouver Transportation and Transit Referendum and Delta’s transportation priorities. View the Mayor’s Message on the upcoming Referendum and for information on how to submit your feedback.
Staff will report back to Council on the feedback received from Delta residents and businesses regarding the Metro Vancouver Transportation and Transit Referendum at the March 30, 2015 Regular Meeting. View the staff report.
Council gave final consideration and adoption to Bylaw Nos. 7229 and 7230, the Marina Garden Estates proposal for 580 townhouse units, 94 apartment units, neighbourhood commercial area with parking facilities, 250-boat marina and a linear waterfront park and relocated golf course amenities. View the staff memorandum.
Council gave final consideration and adoption to Bylaw Nos. 7398, 7399 and 7400, which set the utility user rates for water, sewer and solid waste (garbage and recycling). The flat rate utility bill for a single family home will increase by $22 from $960 to $982 in 2015. Delta’s proposed 2015 utility user rates remain one of the lowest in the region. View the staff memorandum.
Council endorsed a recommendation that a letter be sent to Canada Post requesting that accessibility issues related to the new community mailboxes be accommodated by Canada Post. Upon receiving customer feedback, Canada Post is planning to install small clusters of new community mailboxes in Ladner that are located close to homes. Canada Post has also committed to making special arrangements for people with disabilities and for seniors with mobility challenges. Delta staff will work with Canada Post once Canada Post reaches the location planning stage of its process, to ensure chosen locations are safe and appropriate for Ladner residents. View the staff report.
Council approved the submission of the following projects for consideration and funding approval under the Government of Canada’s New Building Fund:
The New Building Canada Fund grant is a three-way equal contribution from the federal, provincial and municipal governments. These priority projects are included in Delta’s capital plan. View the staff report.
This memorandum provides a summary of the steps taken in an effort to preserve the Kittson Residence at 9230 Ladner Trunk Road.
In June 2011, an application was received for the demolition of the Kittson Residence. The Heritage Advisory Commission reviewed the application in July 2011 and recommended to Council that temporary heritage protection be established based on the significance of the building. Delta Council established temporary heritage protection to enable time to consider options for retaining the dwelling.
During the protection period and the three years after it expired, a number of interested persons have explored many relocation options in consultation with Delta and the property owner. Delta staff also consulted with Nickel Brothers, a building moving company, to understand the actual limitations regarding moving this building and reviewed properties within the area in an effort to identify potentially suitable ones to accommodate this home. The property owner allowed access to all parties interested in relocating the house. No suitable sites were found. Access was also provided to a Heritage Commission Member so the floor plan of the house could be documented.
In an effort to let as many people as possible know about the need to find a new location for this building, the property owner advertised the house for sale for $1.00 in local newspapers. In addition, the local papers featured the home and its planned demolition on more than one occasion. The property owner also offered a $20,000 contribution to anyone who would relocate the home.
Despite the efforts made by many, no solution to retain the house has been found. All requirements for issuance of the demolition permit were met and the property owner has recently picked up the demolition permit. A historic title search has been completed for archival purposes.
The Heritage Advisory Commission members salvaged materials from the house on Friday, March 6, 2015. The owner has advised that six to eight weeks will be needed to make arrangements and complete demolition following salvage.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Delton Kellogg High School	of Delton, Michigan
Our team is 24/7 at your service to help you with your booking issues or answer any related questions
When it comes to personal taxes, costs vary widely from state to state and city to city. The same can be said for businesses. States have varying levels of business friendliness based on taxes and other considerations. Here are the best states for business taxes going forward.
There are many reasons why these ten states stand out. The absence of a major tax is one such benefit that most of them share. Major taxes include corporate income tax, individual income tax, or sales tax. The above states have a mixture of tax environments. While none is without all three, several are missing one or more of the major taxes.
If there’s a top 10, there must be a bottom 10 as well. According to the Tax Foundation, here are the states
Like the top 10, the reverse is true of these states. Far from the best state for business taxes, many of the states on this list would be classified as “high tax” states. New York, California, and New Jersey in particular.
If you’re looking to start a business, your location matters greatly. The tax environment you’re placing yourself into can go a long way towards making or breaking your business. If the decision can be made, choosing one of the best states for business taxes seems like a solid decision.
On a personal note, however, taxes also matter at the individual level. Location matters there as well. That’s where City vs City can help. City vs City is a powerful cost of living calculator which compares your current living expenses with another city of your choosing.
City vs City examines state and local taxes, housing costs, transportation costs, and more. As a result, you’ll see a side by side breakdown between your two cities. You’ll see which cities present the best cost of living condition for you!
The estimates provided by this cost-of-living calculator are not exact, they are just more precise estimates than what alternative calculators can produce. Always consult with a tax professional before making financial decisions
6:15 Lewd granny is shafting not her descendant in law Added: 2017-02-09 Tags: cheating, grannies, matures , old+young
24:00 Naughty german mom takes rolling in money by 2 guys on the settee Added: 2016-10-15 Tags: milf, mature, threesome , groupsex
19:32 Grown-up with college boy Added: 2017-02-09 Tags: college, matures, old+young , mature with boy
6:00 Asian milf wanks back her foursome with her toys Added: 2016-10-15 Tags: milf, handjob, mature , toy
6:03 She takes his stiff young cock&#10; Added: 2017-02-09 Tags: grannies, matures, old+young , wife
18:29 Sexy mature old bag teases you stud. Watch, as she uses her amazing.. Added: 2016-10-15 Tags: big boobs, blondes, hd videos , nylon
Swivel Chair | Best Home News - Аll about interior design, architecture, furniture, landscape and decorating
After several joint projects ‘Lox’ is the most recent result of the collaboration between the British designers PearsonLloyd and the German manufacturer Walter Knoll. Composed of a plastic shell, optionally upholstered, and two different bases, a four-star or a tubular steel base, the swivel chair is an all-rounder for lounging and dining, conferencing and contract. For more [...]
bar chair, British furniture designer, chair from plastic shell, contemporary chair, contemporary chair design, German furniture manufacturer, lounge chairs, modern chair, PearsonLloyd, restaurant chair, swivel chair, Walter Knoll
The passion for art and nature is a leading for the artists Fletcher and Myburgh. By drawing inspiration from the terrains in which they both grew up, South Africa and Surrey… rolling hills and curving lanes, heat and sunshine, the passion for form is evident. The result is uber chic pieces of copper and fire that work with all the elements.
amazing chair, art, art installation, contemporary design, copper, Englang interior design, English designer, Fletcher and Myburgh, lounge furniture, nature, outdoor furniture, stunning chair, swing chair, swivel chair
The swivel chair Parabolica is not just an interested furniture with asymmetrical design. This is a comfortable chair, which can be stretched for lounge and you can even use as a working place.
contem, contemporary chair design, Leolux, modern apartment, modern interior design, Parabolica, swivel chair
You can scream AlexaSpace when I make you explode. I'd like that. Would you like me to show you my secret? It's a hot one. Wrap your lusty thighs around my neck and let my mouth do it's job.
Motorcycle accidents often result in serious injuries including brain injuries, loss of limbs, and are often fatal. These accidents often have an extraordinary impact on the lives of those involved.
I was going through my editing tool for this part of my website and I noticed that I had a draft that was saved simply titled, "Helen." It took me a second to remember why I had saved a draft title called Helen, and then it came to me. The first month that I started this website, I had a great idea to have moms write love letters to their kids. They were to have a picture and a great story to go along with it. Of course, as I started planning, the first mom that I thought of to ask to submit a love letter to her children was my mom. I saved this draft titled "Helen" and knew that I could get that story from her at a later date. As the deadline approached for me to start putting these love letters on the site, I asked mom if she had hers written yet and she said no because she didn't know what to say. She said, "You go ahead and write it because you know me well enough to know what I would say to your brothers and sisters." I know that she would have written it, if she could have, but had already been through a difficult surgery and was in the Nursing Home. I told her that they would rather hear it come from her and just said I would help her anytime she was ready.
Here we are, a little over a year later...and mom is gone. I can't get that love letter to her kids in her words like I had planned. Well, when I realized that this draft titled "Helen" was intended to be a love letter from Helen to her kids, I started trying to think what mom would say to them. Well....Larry, Sondra, Linda, Jimmy and Paula (me) - you all could probably write this, but I think you would be harder on yourselves than you need to be, so I am going to do my best to say what I think mom would have said.
Larry - My firstborn, oh how I loved you. The first time I looked into those deep brown eyes, I fell in love. I knew that being a mom was special because of how you made me feel. You have always been strong, but being your mom also meant I knew that sometimes you pretended to be brave when really you were a little scared and needed me. I didn't mind being needed like that...I actually loved it. You also gave me my first grandchild...and everyone knows how much I love my grandchildren. I thought being a mom was the best feeling in the world and then I felt that Mawmaw kind of love and oh my goodness. I never doubted how much you loved me...ever! You took me into your home when it became too difficult to live alone, which couldn't have been easy, but you shared a little piece of your world with me and I am thankful for that. Then when I made the move back to the Nursing Home, you still brought me a cup of coffee every morning. What a great son I was blessed with that would take the time every morning before he went to put in his day at the office to bring me a cup of coffee. I'll be honest with you, sometimes that cup of coffee got cold and I didn't drink it...but it wasn't the coffee I looked forward to everyday...it was you. I love you Larry Buck!
Sondra - On the day you were born, I was so excited to have a little girl. You had the biggest ole blue eyes I had ever seen and I couldn't wait to make little girl clothes for you. You were so smart and even had to be your older brother's interpreter when folks couldn't understand what he was trying to say...you always understood him. As you grew into a beautiful young woman, I knew that I would have to keep an eye on all those boys that would be calling. I stood by the door when they brought you home from a date and turned the porch light on and off because I didn't want them trying anything with my girl. Being the oldest daughter couldn't have been easy on you and I know I was hard on you at times. Always remember I loved you more than I can say here...I trusted you with your siblings because you were not only responsible, but you loved them almost as much as I did. When you graduated as Salutatorian of your Senior class, your dad and I couldn't have been prouder. We knew you were smart, now everyone else did too. As I grew older, you knew how much I loved to make quilts and would keep your eye out for supplies and patterns...that was so thoughtful. If I didn't tell you enough....I love you Sondra!
Linda - You have always had the bragging rights of being the only child that your dad and I actually "planned" to have. When your dad came home from the service, we decided it was time to have another child. He had not been around as much as he wanted to be when the other two were babies and he wanted to experience that too. When you were born, I thought you were the cutest little baby. Those brown eyes just shot out at me and stole my heart. You were always so special to me and there was something about your personality that made your peers want to be like you. You were my second daughter and I was overprotective of you too...I wanted so much for you to be everything you were capable of being. You were head strong and there was no talking you out of getting married before graduation. Being a little stubborn served you well in your life though. It helped you to get that college degree by driving 2 hours everyday for college classes. It helped you to take in two sweet boys as foster children and then to adopt them when the time was right. It gave you strength as you tried for 10 years to get pregnant to finally see that happen and have that little boy. It meant that you would be one of the first I called on when I needed something and you would stay with me at the hospital the night I slipped into something even the doctors couldn't explain. Your name was one of the last names I would say and that is fitting since you were one of the first I called when I was not feeling well. For those reasons and so many more...I love you Linda Bug!
Jimmy - Two years after Linda, came a surprise little boy that lit up my life. You were always such a cute little tow headed boy, with a voice of an angel. You were singing for people even when you were in grade school. I always knew in my heart you would be something, and something your were. Some of my fondest memories were of me and your dad going on those family vacations with you and Becky. Those were times that I would laugh until I cried...you all knew how to make me laugh. I remember the first song you wrote and all the many songs that you wrote after that one. You have never given up on your dream...your songwriting has been recognized by folks you would have never thought of when you were a teen. I can't think of you without telling you how proud I am that you followed the call on your life to preach. You are such a good preacher and many have the assurance of heaven because of listening to your messages and praying. I know that when you prayed with me and for me, the love that you had for your mom was evident. I enjoyed every time I was able to spend time with you because you had a way to always make me smile. I love you Jim Bo!
Paula - My baby girl...another surprise...but one that has been wonderful. I know that I probably spoiled you a little more than the other kids, but I knew you would be my last. You always tried to be a good little girl and therefore you were pretty shy as a little one. I worked and you had to go to a sitter, but seemed to adjust when you needed to. Before your dad passed, he and I moved to be closer to you and our doctors. I am so glad that I was able to spend that time with you and your little family. I know that was a lot of responsibility when you had to make sure we were taken care of, but you did it without ever complaining and we noticed. It was during that time in my life, that you would stop by my duplex and we would visit until your baby boy got out of school...I loved that. Even after I moved back to my home town, I knew that I could call you on the phone and you always had time for me. I'm thankful that when you went through a rough spot in your life, you knew that I was on your side and loved you through it all. I looked forward to those visits you made to my apartment, Larry's house and then to the Nursing Home. They just never seemed to last as long as I wanted. But if I had my way, all my kids and their families would've lived right next door so I could see them all the time. I love you Paula Pete.
I hope I did mom justice in sharing how she loved all of her kids. Larry, Sondra, Linda and Jimmy...I love you too!
There are many reasons why choosing an experienced and licensed independent agent to handle your personal, family and business insurance needs is the smartest alternative. At Olson Insurance, we work to solve all your insurance needs and to make sure you are adequately protected.
Ever since the devastating and costly hurricane season of 2004, local homeowners are aware that they need to protect their homes against hurricane damage. However, a few years have passed and human nature tends to forget about the dangers and devastation that hurricanes can cause.
Although we don’t live on the Florida Coast here in Lake County and don’t have to worry about storm surge, there are three potential dangers brought on as a result of even the weakest Category 1 hurricane that we need to be aware of and protect against as best as possible. They are:
Even tropical storm-force winds are strong enough to be dangerous to those caught in them, and hurricane-force winds can easily destroy poorly constructed buildings and older mobile homes. Debris such as signs, roofing material, and small items left outside become flying missiles in a hurricane. Extensive damage to trees, towers, water and underground utility lines (from uprooted trees), and fallen poles cause considerable disruption.
Beck is on tour for his latest album, Colors. The tour did not stop in Omaha, but many fans from the Big O were in attendance.
“It’s kind of like making a souffle,” Beck told the crowd as he pointed to the bass, drums, and various instruments. “You have to add one ingredient at a time.”
His musical pantry for the night featured his hits, including “Loser,” along with some fun covers (including Prince’s “Raspberry Beret” and The Human League’s “Don’t You Want Me.”) The result? A celebratory smorgasbord of sing-along tunes—with a side of mosquitos at the outdoor venue.
The singer and his entourage of musical talent gathered at the front of the stage to play a few slower songs at the request of audience members. Then, he finished out the night with his more-upbeat hits.
Fans stayed on their feet even as the band members said goodnight and the lights came down over Pinewood Forest. Beck returned for an encore with a wardrobe change and a handful of more songs.
A powerful rendition of “Where It’s At” concluded the evening with Beck promising to return again soon.
By the time foundations were laid for the first few houses at the Big Sandy Lake development in 2005, all 85 lakeside lots had been sold. Dean Dougherty was one of the eager buyers. His four-bedroom, 3,400-square-foot home was completed in 2007, and he feels lucky to be part of the neighborhood.
“The residents of Big Sandy are all considered family and friends,” says Dougherty, who also enjoys entertaining non-resident family and friends, too. His home has become a favorite go-to destination for outdoor gatherings from spring through most of the Husker football season. The lake is near the Platte River north of Ashland in Saunders County, so Dougherty’s visitors can make it in from Omaha in less than an hour, and his four grown children are his most frequent summer guests.
Dougherty spends his workdays thinking about food—he’s the director of sales, commercial chain for Waypoint, a major food sales and marketing agency—so beautiful outdoor cooking and entertaining amenities were part of the planning for his lakefront property.
His outdoor kitchen—designed and installed by Heritage Builders of Lincoln—features a 1,100-square-inch grill, which Dougherty says he knew would be a focal point for gatherings. But Dougherty says he has been surprised to get more use out of his wood smoker and his electric smoker than he had originally anticipated. “We also use our outdoor fireplace for the later evening hours,” he says.
Once the weather warms up each spring, Dougherty mounts a TV outside in a covered area, making it possible for guests to enjoy Nebraska games or other televised events and the outdoors at the same time. The covered area below an upper deck also provides a shaded space for guests to retreat from the sun on scorching summer days.
The approximately 300-acre Big Sandy Lake is known for its clear water and sand bottom. The homes at Big Sandy offer beachfront access and lead out to docks, so guests can wander right out to the water from the patio to relax on the sand or enjoy some boating.
Dougherty’s house was designed with a lower-level walkout to make outdoor cooking and entertaining easily accessible, and he says he’s found that because people want to gather there, the upper deck isn’t utilized nearly as much as he had envisioned when planning the house.
Besides providing shade over the patio, the upper deck offers a private sitting area and a walkout for the upstairs of the home. Minor modifications in the future will expand the functionality of the deck space.
“There is always a need for shade on hot summer days,” he says. “By 4 or 5 in the afternoon, after enjoying the lake all day, everyone’s had enough sun.” He’d also recommend one other consideration to anyone planning an outdoor cooking and entertainment area: “easy access to refreshments.”
Overall, Dougherty says, he’s pleased with the design and feels his outdoor space has served him well for the past 10 years and will continue to be functional for many years into the future.
What’s his favorite part of lakeside living? “It’s being outside with family and friends and outdoor cooking,” Dougherty says.
Today, social media is brimming with food photos. But a pre-digital form of social media has been sharing favorite dishes since the 19th century. It’s probably the only “published” book containing your grandmother’s beloved gingerbread recipe. It’s the church cookbook—a repository of traditional American wisdom, which often comes complete with six variations of the same recipe (for example: lime gelatin salad with pineapple, walnuts, cottage cheese, and maraschino cherries or mandarin oranges).
Long before the invention of the computer, religious and social groups created cookbooks, often as a fundraising tool to pay for upgrades and maintenance on buildings. The first charity cookbook is believed to have been printed in 1864 as a way to subsidize medical costs for Union soldiers. The idea took the country by storm, especially with religious groups. When a church needed to replace the steeple or build an addition, the minister came to the ladies’ auxiliaries, which created cookbooks. Morris Press Cookbooks in Kearney is one of many companies that was created solely for the printing of cookbooks. They have not only printed hundreds of thousands of cookbooks for churches and social groups, but also specialty cookbooks for singer Donny Osmond, Chiquita bananas, Heinz, and others.
Brian Moffatt of Omaha has collected these cookbooks for several years, mostly church cookbooks. He finds them at estate sales and some thrift stores, and his collection includes books from local churches of nearly every denomination.
“Estate sales are huge,” Moffatt says. “I just like to look at all these and see the way people used to cook.”
Estate sales are huge because many of the people who collected—and contributed to—these community cookbooks are dying. Today’s generation shares recipes and photos of dishes on modern social media, often Pinterest.
Moffatt’s collection at one time extended to hundreds of books, which he recently whittled down to the ones he enjoys the most, such as a cookbook produced by the ladies of St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Church. The charm of this book, for him, is that it features several recipes from an old neighbor, Caren Guillaume.
“The older ones have some odd information in them,” Moffatt says. “A lot of them use lard, and sometimes you run across an ingredient that you just can’t find anymore.”
Other ingredients are vastly different from today’s definition. Gelatin, for example, is today often thought of as a fruit-flavored ingredient packed in school lunches and used in molded salads. Originally, however, gelatin (which was also spelled gelatine) was a jelly obtained by boiling meat on the bone until the collagen coagulated.
There are still church cookbooks being sold, but not nearly as many. While researching for this article, Omaha Magazine reached out to several area churches; none had produced a cookbook in the last five years.
Submitted by Mrs. Carl Swanson for 50th Anniversary Cookbook, printed by Trinity Lutheran Church in 1965.
Dice two potatoes, boiled until just tender. Make 2 cups rich cream sauce seasoned with salt, pepper, and celery salt. Arrange a layer of potatoes in a buttered casserole, pour on half the sauce and sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Add another layer of potatoes, the rest of the sauce, and about 1/4 cup more Parmesan cheese. Sprinkle with paprika and top generously with buttered bread crumbs. Bake at 400 degrees until sauce bubbles and crumbs are brown.
Beat sweetened condensed milk and whipped topping with mixer. Fold in remaining ingredients. Refrigerate. Salad is ready to serve in 30 minutes.
Submitted by Joyce Stranglen for From Thy Bounty, printed by St. Bernadette Catholic Church. No publication date noted.
*Editor’s note: Three variations of this recipe (from three different women) appear in From Thy Bounty. Mary Olson’s dip omits the parsley; Connie Gauthier’s recipe omits the onion and parsley.
Submitted by Shirley Mackie for A Potpourri of Culinary Masterpieces, printed by Presbyterian Church of the Master in 1983.
Beat eggs. Beat in cake mix, pudding mix, sour cream, oil*, and liqueur. Stir in chocolate chips and nutmeats. Mix well. Bake in greased bundt pan at 350 degrees for 50 minutes or until cake tests done.
For the glaze: In a small saucepan, combine cocoa, Kahlua, water, oil*, and corn syrup. Cook and stir over low heat until smooth. Remove from heat; immediately beat in powdered sugar. Drizzle over cake.
*Editor’s note: the recipe does not specify what is meant by oil; vegetable oil or canola oil is the likely ingredient.
Submitted by Peg Russell for A Potpourri of Culinary Masterpieces, printed by Presbyterian Church of the Master in 1983.
Submitted by Caren Guillaume for Heartwarmers, printed by St. Elizabeth Ann Seton and St. James Churches in 1994.
Submitted by Barbara Kelley for Through These Red Doors, printed by All Saints Episcopal Church in 2003.
Sauté onion and celery in butter. Add cream of chicken soup. Mix remaining ingredients together and bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes.
Submitted by Martha Dus for Kountze Kitchens, printed by Kountze Memorial Lutheran Church in 1983. The name of the cake refers to noted Bible verses featuring ingredients.
Blend butter, sugar, spices, and salt. Beat egg yolks and add to mixture. Sift in baking powder and flour, then add water and honey. Put fruit and nuts through food chopper and flour well. Add and beat. (Follow Solomon’s advice in the first clause of Proverbs 23:14—“Thou shalt beat him with the rod, and shalt deliver his soul from hell.”) Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Bake for one hour at 375 degrees.
Submitted by Ruth Hickman for Kountze Kitchens, printed by Kountze Memorial Lutheran Church in 1983.
Combine sugar, vinegar, and spices. Pour over thinly sliced cucumbers. Refrigerate and shake every day for five days. These keep “indefinitely” in the refrigerator.
Submitted by Iris Clark for Recipes and Remembrances, printed by Rockbrook United Methodist Church in 1999.
Combine chicken, celery, bread cubes, almonds, salt, MSG, onion, lemon juice, mayonnaise, and soup. Pile lightly into “Pam’d” 9-by-13-inch glass baking dish. Top with cheese, onion, and chips. Bake at 400 degrees for 15 minutes.
Mix the vegetables together in a large bowl. For dressing, combine red wine vinegar, 2 packets Italian dressing seasoning, and 1 bottle of oil/vinegar Italian dressing. Pour over the vegetables.
Topics: breakfast, BROCCOLI, cake, CASSEROLE, chicken, church, churches, cook, cooking, COOKS, dinner, DIY, Eat, food, foodie, homemade, kitchen, kitchens, Lincoln, lunch, Nebraska, Omaha, recipe, recipes, salad, snack, vegetables
With food-inspired songs such as “Charleston’s,” “Medium Rare,” and the album’s title track, the duo displays a penchant for sweet-sounding beats and aspirations to dine with Omaha’s most affluent resident, Warren Buffett.
They speculate that arranging lunch with the local billionaire would be easier than getting airplay on local radio stations.
“We want to be heard,” Big Tate says. “The radio DJ abides by guidelines that [forbid] touching the streets. They are afraid to challenge the norm.”
“Radio is stagnant,” Absolut-P adds. “It isn’t as influential as it once was. If we want to make an impact, we’d be better off putting together a lunch with Warren Buffett and creating a buzz from that.”
That sort of creative thinking would be the driving force behind Absolut-P (aka Stevin Taylor) and Big Tate (aka James Buckley) collaborating on the album.
The idea came from another friend’s fateful encounter with Buffett at a now-closed Omaha steakhouse known to be one of Buffett’s favorite local restaurants.
“A friend of mine happened to be eating at Piccolo Pete’s when she called to tell me that Warren Buffett and Bill Gates were sitting across from her,” Big Tate recalls. “I told her that I needed her to get a picture of them by any means. I’m always thinking of ways to promote our music with imagery and catchy choruses. I was sure that I could come up with a song for that image.”
Big Tate was familiar with Buffett’s history of auctioning off a “power lunch” for charity. In 2016, an anonymous bidder paid $3,456,789 for the experience, with the money going to benefit the Glide Foundation, a San Francisco nonprofit dedicated to helping homeless and underprivileged residents.
For months, Big Tate continued to stew over his idea. Later in 2016, he partnered with local producer Absolut-P (the P stands for “Perfection”), and they were able to create an infectious melody.
The song’s music video even featured a faux cameo by Buffett (thanks to a cut-out photograph of the billionaire’s face pasted over one of their friends).
“We’re from the north side of Omaha, and you don’t see those types of people on the north side,” Big Tate explains. “Other than Bud Crawford, it’s hard to relate to anyone on such a big stage. It’s good to look up to self-made men.”
“As independent artists, Warren Buffett’s entrepreneurial spirit gives us a sense of self-pride,” Absolut-P says. “He shows us that by investing in ourselves we can reap big rewards.”
One such investment involved professional mastering for the album by Rick Carson at Make Believe Studios. Absolut-P and Big Tate hope the song resonates with fans of hip-hop, Omaha, and Buffett alike. They released the album Dec. 31, 2016 (with a parental advisory warning for explicit content).
“The album-making process was so organic,” says Big Tate, explaining that hip-hop works best when pursued in a natural, fun way. “We just made songs about what we like; everyone likes to eat at a nice restaurant and order a good prime rib. That made us think of Charleston’s; they have some of the best steaks in Omaha. I like my steak well-done, but I’ve heard that they are very good medium-rare.”
When asked where they would like to take Buffett for lunch, both agree that Time Out Foods or The Taste’s of Soul Cafe would be a good place to accommodate them.
“I’m sure Warren Buffett is used to eating at the finest establishments,” Absolut-P says. “I’d want to give him a taste of our roots with some good food for the soul.”
Find Big Tate on Twitter at @BigTate402 and Absolut-P at @IAmAbsolutP. Both musicians frequently release new songs on social media. Their respective Soundcloud accounts are soundcloud.com/big-tate and soundcloud.com/absolut-p. Lunch with Buffett is available on iTunes, Spotify, Tidal, Spinrilla, Google Play, and YouTube. Copies are sold at Homer’s in downtown Omaha.
Few visitors who sneak a peak at Betty Davis’ treasure trove of soda fountain collectibles can appreciate their impact on generations of Americans who grew up before the 1950s.
The ice cream molds, dippers, five-headed malt mixers, banana bowls, trays, tall glasses, tin Coca-Cola signs, and a 12-foot-long counter with a gray marble top and marble frontage—stored in Davis’ spacious Council Bluffs home and garage—recall a more innocent age: a time when a boy and girl slipped two straws into one ice cream float and sipped as they leaned toward each other, and when soda jerks, in their white jackets and bow ties, had more swagger than Tom Cruise’s character in the movie Cocktail.
“The soda jerks were what bartenders are today,” says Davis, retired executive director of the Douglas County Historical Society in Omaha. “They knew everybody, they listened, they gave everyone personal service—mixing the concoction in front of you. They were the biggest big shots in town,” she says with a laugh.
From the early 1900s through the soda fountain’s heyday in the Depression-era 1930s, most jerks were men (no kidding!), until women filled in during World War II. “They got the name when they jerked the pull handles of the carbonated water in two different directions to regulate the flow into the flavored syrups,” she explains.
An unabashed romantic about the era, Davis grew up across the river listening to stories about how her parents “courted at the soda fountain” at Oard’s Drug Store, now Oard-Ross, on 16th Avenue in Council Bluffs. And she vividly remembers holding the hand of her “tall, Danish” grandfather as they walked to the drug store to get ice cream.
Years later, in the late 1980s, while volunteering at the old Western Heritage Museum in what is now Omaha’s Durham Museum, those memories came flooding back when a group of former “fizzicians” from the region gathered for a reunion around the museum’s established soda fountain.
“Over 500 people showed,” she marvels. “I discovered that the soda fountain was implanted in people’s memories. The public came just to look at the soda jerks and talk to them. It was magic.”
The overwhelming success of that first reunion led Davis in 1990 to found the National Association of Soda Jerks. The association grew quickly, swelling to more than 1,000 members in less than two years. “I got a personal letter postmarked Washington, D.C., from a former soda jerk. It was from [former U.S. Senator from Kansas] Bob Dole. He’s a member.”
But age has caught up with the dwindling ranks of soda jerks, as it has with Betty Davis. Now 83 and experiencing mobility difficulties, she realizes the window of opportunity to open a soda fountain museum showcasing her happy hobby has closed. “This is of no value to me locked in a garage,” she reasons quietly.
After months of searching for a “worthy” home for her collection, Davis heard about a multi-pronged, ambitious nonprofit headquartered just a few blocks north of the Historical Society, where she worked for many years.
The mission of No More Empty Pots, located on North 30th Street in the historic Florence neighborhood of north Omaha, revolves around food. The organization not only provides access to locally grown, affordable, nutritious food, it offers culinary arts training in one of two commercial-grade kitchens, located in the labyrinthine basement of the renovated turn-of-the-20th-century row of buildings.
Another component of this food hub, the Community Café at 8503 N. 30th St., slated to open to the public in the fall, caught Davis’ attention on many levels because of its parallels to the soda fountains.
“Betty told us how drug stores started selling sodas and ice cream to draw people into the store to buy things, and the fountain was never meant to be a moneymaker,” says Nancy Williams, co-founder and executive director of No More Empty Pots. “This cafe will help our employees learn how to converse with people and really serve them, and not just with food. That will translate into many different career paths.”
Believing the cafe can become “a beacon…to unite all the ethnic differences we have,” Davis signed over her soda fountain collection and the trademarked National Association of Soda Jerks to Williams and No More Empty Pots. A display case in the middle of the cafe will house Davis’ relics of the soda fountain era, her contribution to the preservation of an American tradition.
The 12-foot-long World War I-era soda bar, which Davis picked up years ago in Soldier, Iowa, will stand behind the large windows of the storefront, beckoning people to come in, enjoy a freshly made soda, and socialize.
“We’re going to make our own soda syrups and extracts from seasonal fruits and herbs and then add the carbonated seltzer water,” Williams says. “And we’ll have local seasonal ice cream.”
Confident that her goals and the mission of No More Empty Pots align, Davis sees her soda fountain breaking barriers, inspiring conversation, and making people happy for many years to come.
Visit nmepomaha.org for more information about the nonprofit receiving the soda fountain and memorabilia.
When the band Train came to Omaha’s Baxter Arena for a concert in December 2016, there were plenty of flashing lights and excited fans. “But when the lights go out and the audience starts screaming, there’s no rush like it in the world,” says Andy Ruback, general manager of NRG Media. Ruback knows a great deal about screaming fans—when a big concert comes to town the likelihood is that Ruback had his hand in the planning. His role as general manager has evolved over the years from managing radio stations to include managing events brought to town by NRG Media Live.
The business is a natural fit for NRG, which owns stations ranging from Power 106.9 to 1290 KOIL. The company was looking to the future for broadcasting and leaning toward live shows as a way to increase profitability. NRG used their strengths in connecting people to music to expand into the business of concert production. With the radio stations’ on-air talent knowing their listeners’ preferences, the media company naturally knew what acts had potential to bring in revenue, and which ones might not.
Ruback came to Omaha from Lincoln, where he served as general manager for their NRG stations. Upon his arrival at the NRG offices in Omaha in 2012, Ruback went full speed ahead. He says the intention was never to focus on live shows over radio shows; rather, he called his plans a method for “diversifying for growth.”
Concert production is a challenge that Ruback gladly accepted, but in it, found unique bumps in the road. Some of those bumps included special requirements, such as permits, that needed the legal team’s help. Shock rocker Alice Cooper, for example, required the team to acquire special insurance because of the pyrotechnics involved with his show. Ruback and his team figured out how to get the right insurance, and now know who to ask the next time someone wants to light up fireworks onstage.
Ruback says some of the more surprising challenges he and his team have faced come from smaller, more routine details.
“I would say it’s more about the crowd experience logistics,” Ruback says. “How do we try to work with the arenas to make sure there’s enough concessions on the floor? What should be the entry ticket price? What should be the price for the front row?”
Logistics is the simplest description for the business of producing concerts. Is the specific artist available at the time? Is there enough interest in this artist to fill the seats? Is a venue available on the day needed?
“We could have the great idea, and the right price, but there could be a UNO hockey game and a Lancers game on the night we want, and we’re out of luck,” Ruback says.
It is a revenue stream in which many community businesses desire to participate, and there are many ways for them to participate, including attaching their name to experiences such as meet-and-greets with the band before or after the show, and attaching their name to souvenirs. Attendees at the Train concert, for example, vied for flashing bracelets and cups branded with a sponsor’s logo. Signage prominently displayed throughout Baxter Arena featured sponsor logos.
The scenario is beneficial to everyone involved: the band gets to play to a well-attended venue, the fans get to enjoy the band, and the sponsors get to present their message in an effective way.
“On that day, no other media group is producing a concert,” Ruback says. “So you’re looking at content that advertisers want to be a part of, but no other client can do.”
The diversification proved wildly successful. Ruback says that since 2014, more than 100,000 people have attended an NRG Media Live event. Associate athletic director for University of Nebraska at Omaha Mike Kemp enjoys his business dealings with NRG Media Live and says that when Ruback puts on a concert at Baxter Arena “… it’s not just a concert—it’s an event. He has great vision and ideas and that’s the true charm of what he does.”
“I think NRG Media does a great job of engaging the community to get behind the events,” adds Kemp. NRG Media has the ability to promote coming shows using the radio stations on their roster and their strong social media presence. This equals solid attendance numbers at concerts and happy sponsors.
“Andy’s full of energy and great ideas,” Kemp says of Ruback. “He’s an honest guy with great enthusiasm for what he does.” Rubak’s vision has evolved NRG Media into much more than an organization simply running local radio stations. In fact, the next time there is a popular concert in town, there is an excellent chance that Ruback can be found there, smiling and enjoying the rush.
“There aren’t a lot of people in Nebraska writing new musicals,” says Roxanne Wach, executive director of Shelterbelt Theatre.
The Omaha theater company is in the middle of its 24th season of producing original work by Midlands theater artists, and Wach reads around 200 original plays a year. But when she discovered the musical Catherland, it stood out from the pack.
A collaboration between Lincoln-based theater artist Becky Boesen and musician-composer David von Kampen, Catherland will open at the Shelterbelt April 21. It’s the latest incarnation of the project after a staged reading was produced at the Red Cloud Opera House in 2015, followed by a workshop at the Lied Center for Performing Arts in Lincoln.
“I championed the piece because I thought it had such potential. I liked the music to begin with, and that’s a huge hurdle with musicals. I liked a lot of the script and where it’s going,” Wach says. “David has really captured something in the music, and Becky is really talented with her lyrics, and it’s a pretty engaging score.”
It’s hard to imagine a story more quintessentially Nebraskan than Catherland, which is set in Red Cloud, the central Nebraska hometown of writer Willa Cather. The musical focuses on a present-day couple, Jeffrey and Susan, who move from Chicago to Red Cloud. Susan has some reservations about leaving Chicago; but early in their marriage, the couple agreed that once she finished her first novel they would slow down, move to Jeffrey’s hometown of Red Cloud, and possibly start a family.
Boesen explains that when people are experiencing culture shock they go through a honeymoon phase. Jeffrey and Susan are in that phase when “someone crashes into the barn outside and their life starts to unravel as a result, and there’s an immediate life or death problem that has to be solved,” Boesen says. “Willa Cather shows up, too. Susan, the novelist, is not a Willa Cather fan, and that’s a problem.”
That would be the ghost of Willa Cather. Boesen says that a lot of her own writing tends to include ghosts, though the ghosts are not always literal.
“I mean like a missing piece of your heart. Anything that’s missing to a protagonist,” she says. “But in this [show], there are legit ghosts, which is pretty fun.”
Von Kampen agrees, “And I don’t really like ghost stories. I don’t seek out movies or books that are like that, but from a creative standpoint, it feels really good.”
Boesen was born in southern Missouri and von Kampen is originally from Michigan, but they both moved to Nebraska as children. They’ve lived other places thanks to their careers, but are now settled in Lincoln raising their respective families. Boesen and von Kampen are full-time artists and arts educators who met briefly in 2013 while working on another project.
Boesen’s company, BLIXT, is an arts management and consulting firm that produces projects for the Lied Center, Lincoln Arts Council, and other entities. Von Kampen is a musician and composer who also teaches at Concordia University in Seward as well as the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
Roughly a year after their initial meeting, Boesen talked von Kampen into working as the musical director on a staged reading she was directing.
“David said, ‘Hey, don’t you write stuff? We should get together and talk about writing sometime.’ And I said, ‘cool let’s get together,’” Boesen explains.
They discovered their work “sort of sounded alike” and began to share ideas. Boesen had been thinking about her experience as a teaching artist in Red Cloud. Her play, What the Wind Taught Me, ran at the Red Cloud Opera House while on tour, and she says she fell in love with the town.
“You’re driving in Nebraska and all of a sudden you feel like you’re on Mars, because the prairie is like an ocean out there,” says Boesen, who started thinking about Cather and “what it must have been like to live in Red Cloud, Nebraska, in the late 1800s.”
The Nebraska prairie might be considered a character on its own in some of Cather’s work. That striking landscape also has inspired the creative team behind Catherland.
“It’s an exploration of sense of place, what it means to be home, what does it mean to make a commitment, and how does that change over the course of time, and the messy nature of long-term love,” Boesen says.
“I really think they’ve captured something. I’m so excited to be working on it. I just can’t wait for people to see it,” Wach says, impressed with Boesen’s willingness to revise her script. “To have somebody who’s that fearless in the process is a real asset to Shelterbelt in really giving new works their highest potential.”
Wach points out that supporting and nurturing new work by local artists is essential to the vitality of the Omaha theater scene.
“There are very few theaters our size who do new work in a city of our size.” Wach says, “We have a very vibrant theater community, and having new works helps feed it.”
Boesen says she and von Kampen feel lucky to have such a joyful creative process, “We just like making stuff, and we make stuff well together, and we have a lot of fun doing it.”
Topics: 24th season, artists, Becky Boesen, books, Catherland, collaboration, composer, creative, David von Kampen, educators, ghost, Lied Center, Lied Center for Performing Arts, Lincoln, lyrics, Midlands, movies, musicals, musician, Nebraska, Nebraskan, Omaha, original, plays, produced, producing, project, reading, Red Cloud, Red Cloud Opera House, Roxanne Wach, script, Shelterbelt, Shelterbelt Theatre, staged, story, talented, theater, Willa Cather, work, writer, writing
On a fresh autumn night, chatter filled a Lincoln home-turned-music-venue. A few guests trickled through the front door. “No big deal,” CJ Mills thought. It was just a handful of people. Moments later, more appeared. The trickle turned to a flood. All of a sudden, there were 80 people jam-packed against the makeshift stage.
An astonished Mills stood two feet from the standing-room-only crowd. “I couldn’t breathe,” recalls the 31-year-old singer from Omaha. “I went out the side door to take a few deep breaths.”
This was all new to her. The jam-packed house party. The live acoustic sessions. The impromptu performances and scheduled studio time.
Three years earlier, Mills (a self-proclaimed introvert) could have never fathomed performing in front of other people. Yet, her soulful, bluesy-folk voice has garnered quite the reputation as a crowd-pleaser. Singing her most cherished words—short poems in lyrical form—only heightened the level of intimacy.
Mills has a profound gift for turning raw expressions of human frailness into something bordering on sacred. There’s something about her voice that commands complete attention. She can make a song cry.
She began singing in church as a young child. “I had always been singing since I was a kid. My family was very religious…Because I could sing, I was always made to,” says Mills, who began writing poetry during her early years.
“As a kid, I was huge into reading,” she says. “When I did something well, my mom would take me to the library or buy me a book.”
Soon after, Mills felt compelled to write her own short stories, which turned into poetry she later sang. That was, perhaps, her earliest simultaneous personal and artistic growth.
As a teen, singing wasn’t much of a highlight. She attended Marian High School, then ran track at Kansas State University, but was injured her junior year. While weightlifting, she squatted heavy one day and suffered a bulging disc. “Only time heals that wound,” she says.
Six months to be exact. With all the down time, she saw a decorative ukulele and taught herself how to play. She progressed to a guitar rather quickly. “I didn’t like the way it was strung,” she says of the first right-handed guitar she purchased, “so I flipped it upside down and restrung it so I could play it left-handed.”
Ambidexterity is kind of her thing. “I’m pretty even-handed. I write with both hands,” she says. “[But] I could not play that guitar. I don’t know why. Seemed so odd to me. After a month of trying, I Googled how to restring it.”
In terms of playing chords, she learned by listening to others. She was influenced by the stylings of Lauryn Hill, India.Arie, and Tracy Chapman. “Simple chords, yet, powerful lyrics,” she says. Their music spoke volumes to how Mills hoped to be perceived as an artist someday. Writing songs was a natural next step.
Mills graduated from college, then went on to the workforce. She became a health inspector, not the restaurant kind. More like the Breaking Bad kind. Off stage, she has been sent to investigate meth labs.
Mills has been playing live music for about three years, and with a band for one year. The band—featuring Mitch Towne, David Hawkins, and Max Stehr—has been a great collaboration of like minds, she says.
Mills began to develop her own individual style after college. Blending a mixture of reggae, folk storytelling, jazz melodies, and atmospheric harmonies. She performed her first show at Pizza Shoppe Collective in December 2013. There, she met All Young Girls Are Machine Guns frontwoman Rebecca Lowry, who took to Mills. She asked her to take the stage with her at a local venue.
Now for the whirlwind. Mills released her illuminating debut EP Quiet in 2015, which appeared on multiple lists of the year’s best Nebraska releases. She played the inaugural Femme Fest (organized by Lowry) that same year and returned as the festival’s headliner on Sept. 2.
Since then, Mills has stayed busy playing shows in Omaha and Lincoln. The music newcomer was featured at this year’s Maha Music Festival. Most notably, Mills was nominated for two Omaha Entertainment and Arts Awards: Best Singer-Songwriter and Artist of the Year.
Although she’s insanely talented, she’s modest and humble. “The only time I feel comfortable with music is when I’m by myself creating music or on stage playing it,” she says.
Back to that special autumn night. Mills turned that ordinary Lincoln house party into a musical theater.
She composed herself before stepping back on stage, frenetically rapping as she moved through her song “Retail Star” before launching into “I Can’t Be.”
Obviously Omaha goes on the road this month to explore Lincoln’s historic Haymarket district. Heading down for a basketball game or concert at Pinnacle Bank Arena? Here’s a guide to our favorite galleries, coffee shops, restaurants, bars, and boutiques.
If art and design is your thing, check out the Burkholder Project’s three levels of galleries and the newly installed Gallery Alley, a pedestrian gateway featuring the work of various artists. Redeveloped in 1987, The Burkholder Project is best described as “an art colony in one building.” If photography is more your cup of tea, check out the Michael Forsberg gallery just around the corner.
Lincoln’s Haymarket is practically overflowing with delicious bites. For some contemporary American fare, try a burger at Leadbelly or check out Lazlo’s Brewery & Grill, which claims to be the first brewpub in Nebraska. For something more exotic, try a taste of India at The Oven or some yellow curry at Blue Orchid Thai Restaurant, located right behind the Grand Manse. Need something to really surprise your taste buds? Head over to Buzzard Billy’s for some alligator tail and other Cajun cuisine.
Between the rooftop deck and lively atmosphere, no game day is complete without a stop at Barry’s. Formerly the Arlington House hotel, you’ll be setting foot in the same place where a waggish Oscar Wilde stayed when he visited Lincoln in 1882. If it’s your first time in town, grab a Moscow mule at Tavern on the Square, also a local favorite. Now trending and located just across from Pinnacle Bank Arena are Longwell’s and Gate 25.
It’s a sin to leave Lincoln without savoring a couple scoops of ice cream at Ivanna Cone. Fittingly located in the Creamery Building, look for the line that often extends out the door—or just follow the mouthwatering scent of fresh-baked waffle cones. If it’s too chilly to enjoy a cone, satisfy your sweet tooth at Rocket Fizz Soda Pop and Candy Shop in The Railyard.
It’s hard to leave the Haymarket without a shopping bag or two. Drop by Forever Faithful Boutique and cozy up in an infinity scarf or head over to KD Designs for unique, handcrafted jewelry pieces created by a local mother-daughter duo. Don’t forget to stop by Letter Bee Paperie and check out the beautiful stationery on your way out.
The Haymarket may seem to be all go-go-go, but there are also nooks of calm and quietude. Relax at Indigo Bridge Books on P Street by snagging something from the book exchange or enjoy some grub from the in-house café. Some of the best people-watching may be found over at The Mill. Order a café au lait and park it on a rustic bench. Even if you’re lost in thought, the creaky wood floors announce the arrival of quirky characters who contribute to the quintessential coffeeshop ambience of The Mill.
The address is 201 F St.; but, like the hidden gem it is, one accesses it by driving down D (as in diamond) street. F St. itself is a dead end, a quiet, leafy spot full of little bungalows.
The diamond is owned by Clint! (yes, legally, Clint!) Runge, founder of youth marketing agency Archrival. This square brick building, which Runge refers to as “The Loft,” started as a grocery store run by German-Russian immigrant H.J. Amen in a neighborhood once populated by a group of ethnic Germans who once lived in Russia.
Runge, who studied architecture at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, bought the building from former professor Carl Matthews. Runge has since used it as his ever-evolving playground.
“This place was raw,” Runge says of viewing the building for the first time. “A doorway was a hole. The basement was full of chains and hooks from its days as a butcher shop. For the last 10 years, I have been making it a place to live, one piece at a time.”
This included, as Runge says, “getting the creep out.” He cemented the basement and made it more desirable, even as a storage space. Runge kept true, however, to the building’s origin. A large bone saw sits in the basement, partially due to its heft. In the kitchen is a large cast-iron basin once used for boiling freshly killed chickens alongside the butcher block, now repurposed as a prep island. A smoking room off the kitchen retains its charred walls, and the smell of smoked meat permeates
The space includes many nods to the graphic side of his business. A walled off area is implanted with Warhol-esque stacks of soap boxes and other consumer products. The double doors leading to the main living space display vintage cigarette advertising.
Another pop art feature is the wall of toilet paper behind the commode. The blue-tile bathroom also features a two-feet-deep tub and a nearly 24-inch-wide industrial-themed showerhead.
It is a funky, fresh space, one to try out for a weekend. Runge himself has not lived there since 2013. He rents it to the curious via Airbnb.
“When I first walked in, my name was on a wall,” says Conjo Studios president Conrad Weaver of the vintage felt signboard Runge uses. “Having that welcome was really cool.”
It is particularly busy during football season. “The first to rent it gets it,” Runge says. “Right after the Fourth of July people tend to start thinking about football, and I start getting calls. It is rented out every football game. This makes someone’s weekend. You can get to downtown without hitting a stoplight, or you can walk it in about 15 minutes.”
“One time I was on a plane, and the person next to me was watching the episode,” Runge says. “She turned to me and says ‘Is that you?’ ”
One thing that won’t happen when staying there—a boisterous, frat-style, all-night kegger. “I do not rent it for parties,” Runge says. “It is limited to four people.”
“The beauty of this space is I get to try things. Someone who was here a year and a half ago would see new tin ceilings and other things,” Runge says of the space that he is forever changing…one piece at a time.
Patriotic Perches: Through July 16 at Lauritzen Gardens, 100 Bancroft St. In honor of the Fourth of July holiday, Richard Yost of Bellevue created 51 one-of-a-kind birdhouses, each decorated with various knick-knacks that represent each state. 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Admission: $10 adults, $5 children (6-12), free for members and children under 6. 402-346-4002.
Fairytale Land: Through Aug. 7 at Omaha Children’s Museum, 500 S. 20th St. Enjoy a sing-along, dancing knights, and the all-new show Spellbound. Three different programs are offered daily. The exhibit will be closed Saturday Aug. 5. Admission: $12 adults and children (2+), $11 seniors (60+), free for members and children under age 2. 402-342-6164.
David Brooks: Continuous Service Altered Daily: Through Aug. 26 at Bemis Center for Contemporary Arts, 724 S. 12th St. Brooks presents every single part of a used 1976 John Deere 3300 combine harvester laid out in varying degrees of disassembly. Admission: free. 402-341-7130.
History of Latinos in Omaha: 1890 through Present: Through Aug. 31 at El Museo Latino, 4701 S. 25th St. Discover the history of Omaha’s Latino community, highlighted in this photography exhibit. Admission: $5 adults, $4 for college students with ID, $3.50 students (K-12) and seniors (55+), free for children under 5 with adult admission. 402-731-1137.
Dinosaur Safari: Through Sept. 3 at Omaha Children’s Museum, 500 S. 20th St. Families can explore natural history through hands-on activities with authentic fossils and live reptiles, as well as life-like animatronic dinosaurs. Admission: $12 adults and children (2+), $11 seniors (60+), free for members and children under age 2. 402-342-6164.
Glorious Flights: Illustration Art of Alice and Martin Provensen: Through Sept. 3 at Joslyn Art Museum, 2200 Dodge St. The Provensens worked on military training films before creating children’s book illustrations. The exhibit was created by Leonard Marcus, one of the world’s leading writers about children’s books and the people who create them. It features original art from 21 books. General admission: free. 402-342-3300.
Bijoux Parisiens: French Jewelry from the Petit Palais, Paris: Through Sept. 10 at Joslyn Art Museum, 2200 Dodge St. This exhibition portrays the intersection of French fashion, art, and history while touching on social and political concerns. About 70 works of jewelry and more than 100 original paintings, fashion prints, and photographs will be on display. Tickets: $10 adults. Free for children (17 and under), college students with ID, and Joslyn members. General admission: free. 402-342-3300.
Janet Biggs: Through Sept. 10 at Joslyn Art Museum, 2200 Dodge St. Janet Biggs creates videos, photographs, and performances that study the capacity of the human body to withstand intense physical demands. Her recent work has taken her to some of the most extreme environments in the world, including the Arctic Circle, a desert in China, and northern Ethiopia. General admission: free. 402-342-3300.
Top Secret: License to Spy: Through Sept. 17 at The Durham Museum, 801 S. 10th St. Families and children are encouraged to collaborate by piecing together clues throughout more than 20 displays. Admission: $11 adults, $8 seniors (62+), $7 children (3-12), free for children under 3. 402-444-5071.
Omaha Police: Answering the Call Since 1857: Through Sept. 24 at The Durham Museum, 801 S. 10th St. This exhibit, curated through a community partnership, tells the story of Omaha’s police force in artifacts and photos. Admission: $11 adults, $8 seniors (62+), $7 children (3-12), free for children under 3. 402-444-5071.
KINETIC: Through Oct. 14 at KANEKO, 1111 Jones St. KINETIC at KANEKO explores the art and science of movement, and the perception of motion. This collaborative exhibition season will feature stunning visual art, interactive sculpture, and experiential learning opportunities developed to strengthen the understanding of kinetics in everyday life. Admission: free. 402-341-3800.
We welcome you to submit events to our print calendar. Please email event details and a 300 ppi photograph three months in advance to: editintern@omahamagazine.com
*Passion & Obsession: From the Collection: Through May 6 at KANEKO, 1111 Jones St. This exhibit celebrates both the passion of the artist to create and the obsession of the connoisseurs who collect. Admission: free. 402-341-3800.
Wild Spaces, Open Seasons: Hunting and Fishing in American Art: Through May 7 at Joslyn Art Museum, 2200 Dodge St. See how American hunting and fishing culture has intersected with art. Tickets: $10 adults. Free for youth (17 and under), college students with ID, and Joslyn members. 402-342-3300.
Nature Connects: Art with Lego Bricks: Through May 15 at Lauritzen Gardens, 100 Bancroft St. Inspired by nature and built from more than 450,000 Lego pieces, this indoor exhibit features 13 displays with larger-than-life sculptures. Admission: $10 adults, $5 children (6-12), free for members and children under 6 years old. 402-346-4002.
Jennifer Bockelman / Charley Friedman Exhibition: May 5-June 23 at Fred Simon Gallery, 1004 Farnam St. Bockelman (of Seward, Nebraska) produces art that includes stitched works, drawings, impotent political gestures, and performances. Friedman (of Lincoln, Nebraska) produces work ranging from installations and sculptures to photography and drawings. Admission: free. 402-595-2122.
Omaha Police: Answering the Call Since 1857: May 13-Sept. 24 at The Durham Museum, 801 S. 10th St. The Durham’s newest community partnership tells the story of Omaha’s police force in artifacts and photos. On May 13, enjoy free museum admission and a special event, “Hanging with Heroes” (10 a.m.-1 p.m.), featuring uniformed officers, vehicles, and mounted patrol on site. Admission: $11 adults, $8 seniors (62+), $7 children (3-12), free for children 2 and under. 402-444-5071.
European Galleries Reopening: May 20 at Joslyn Art Museum, 2200 Dodge St. The five European galleries have undergone a three-month construction period. Updates include new paint, lighting, updated labels, and interpretive materials—such as three interactive iPad stations. Admission: free. 402-342-3300.
Top Secret License to Spy: May 20-Sept. 17 at The Durham Museum, 801 S. 10th St. Families and children are encouraged to collaborate by piecing together clues throughout more than 20 displays. Admission: $11 adults, $8 seniors (62+), $7 children (3-12), free for children 2 and under. 402-444-5071.
Dinosaur Safari Exhibit: May 27-Sept. 3 at Omaha Children’s Museum, 500 S. 20th St. Families can explore natural history through hands-on activities with authentic fossils and live reptiles, as well as life-like animatronic dinosaurs. Admission: $12 adults and children (3+), $11 seniors (60+), free for members and children age 2 and under. 402-342-6164.
David Brooks: Continuous Service Altered Daily: June 1-Aug. 26 at Bemis Center for Contemporary Arts, 724 S. 12th St. Brooks presents every single part of a used 1976 John Deere 3300 combine harvester laid out in varying degrees of disassembly. Admission: free. 402-341-7130.
Bijoux Parisiens: French Jewelry from the Petit Palais, Paris: June 4-Sept. 10 at Joslyn Art Museum, 2200 Dodge St. This exhibition portrays the intersection of French fashion, art, and history while touching on social and political concerns. Nearly 70 works of jewelry and more than 100 original paintings, fashion prints, and photographs will be on display. Tickets: $10 adults. Free for children (17 and under), college students with ID, and Joslyn members. 402-342-3300.
KINETIC: June 16-Oct. 14 at KANEKO, 1111 Jones St. KINETIC at KANEKO explores the art and science of movement, and the perception of motion. This collaborative exhibition season will feature stunning visual art, interactive sculpture, and experiential learning opportunities developed to strengthen the understanding of kinetics in everyday life. Admission: free. 402-341-3800.
Tyler's Pool & Home Care provides opening, closing and regular maintenance of your residential hot tub. Tyler's can help you help keep up with the maintenance and repairs you need to extend the life of your hot tub. These amenities are supposed to help you relax not bring you extra work, frustration or stress.
We have a knowledgeable staff that has cared for residential and commercial hot tubs for more than 10 years. Friendly, courteous, insured and experienced staff to help with one of your most relaxing possessions.
For more information on specific residential hot tub services offered in Omaha, Neb. by Tyler's Pool and Home Care please check out the following service detail pages:
Call 402-590-6860 today for a FREE and fast quote. Our team is ready to help you get the enjoyment you envisioned out of your hot tub and have the experience to provide you with professional results that you can count on every time. Affordable residential, outdoor hot tub services by a licensed, insured, friendly and professional team of pros!
Today was college football day so I took the rare day off to enjoy the games. I know that a lot of people wouldn't enjoy watching football games all day... especially in my community. I guess it's because I was raised in a small southern city was football was king. The city literally closed down on Friday nights for high school football and Pensacola has turned out several pro stars... Emmit Smith for example.
Living in Jacksonville makes you want to automatically root for the Jaguars even though after initial excellent success as a franchise the past few years have been less than stellar. One thing is the team has not found a quarterback that excites the crowd. The other factor is that ticket cost and expenses to see a game now average $100 per person for the "cheap seats". Even people that for years had their yearly tickets have stopped due to ticket price increases.
In which, for no good reason, I disparage a bunch of countries that probably have lots of nice people in them.
You guys, it’s World Cup season, which means it’s time to laugh at the rest of the world for caring so much about this event. Unlike the Olympics, which are our biennial (not biannual. That’s different.) chance to stick it to China and/or the USSR, America could not give a shit about this event. Like, it’s fun when we win, but then you have to celebrate with the kind of Americans who follow soccer, or as it’s known here in America, soccer. Because this is inevitable, let’s get all the soccer fan insults out of the way. They wear stupid scarves, inexplicably use “side” to mean “team,” “pitch” to mean “field,” “pace” to mean “speed,” “kilometer” to mean “0.621371” miles and annoyingly pluralize team names, as in “On a kilometer by kilometer basis, Brazil have the most pace on the pitch of any side.” Speak normally!
But back to the soccer. There are a lot of countries to keep track of in this tournament, so here’s a handy guide to the teams of the 2014 World Cup.
For a country with such a rich musical tradition, somehow this is still the song I was most quickly able to associate with Brazil.
Win or lose, Brazil’s hilariously corrupt World Cup will go down in history as being hilariously corrupt, that is, unless an interesting soccer thing happens, in which case everyone will forget the billions of dollars used to construct useless stadiums across the country, including one in the middle of the Amazon that is only reachable by plane. Even if Manaus has two million people, it shouldn’t feel like you need Indiana Jones or that adventurer dude from Jumanji to get to a soccer stadium. On the soccer side of thing, they’ve looked underwhelming so far, struggling to finish on their scoring chances and generally looking tight in front of their home crowds. (That might be the only bit of actual soccer analysis I have to give).
Did you guys know that Mexico hates America’s soccer team? It’s true! In any case, Mexico wouldn’t even be in this tournament if it weren’t for America scoring late against Panama in qualification, so you’re welcome, Mexico. I’m sure whenever the Americans make it back to Mexico, they’ll be given their traditional welcome of a golden shower.
On the plus side, their uniforms double as picnic blankets when they’re not using them (the checkerboard element is taken from the Croat Coat of Arms, which is quite the tongue twister). On the downside, I’m pretty sure that every player on their team’s last name ends with ivicisevicicicic, which can be confusing.
Διακοπές sun κι αυτές επ.1: Η Μαντώ Γαστεράτου και η Τζένη Μελιτά προετοιμάζονται για τις καλοκαιρινές διακοπές! | NETWIX > ΔΙΑΚΟΠΕΣ SUN ΚΙ ΑΥΤΕΣ
More than 3,300 physicians, scientists and researchers from Mayo Clinic share their expertise to empower you. Quechuismos: palabras de origen quechua. Simply pay online and show your proof of payment at local pharmacies serving every community to get everyday low drug prices. Free Standard delivery is included and next day delivery starts at just £3. They claim their products are authentic and safe, not just promises or products that are never delivered. BE A GUEST AT YOUR OWN EVENT. Although v-src is a more potent inducer of tyrosine phosphorylation than c-src527, the extent of phosphorylation of either insulin receptor substrate 1 or Shc, two of the major substrates of the IGF-I receptor, does not seem sufficiently different to explain the qualitative difference in soft agar growth. Opened to members in Spring 2010. Derivado: pircar) puma where can u buy viagra in uk : pupu(ti) (ombligo) quena : qina quincha (quincho, reparo de cañas o de ramas) quinina : kinakina quipu : buy 20mg levitra online usa (nudo) tambo : tampu vicuña : wikuña yapa where can u buy viagra in uk que regala el comerciante al cliente) yuyo : yuyu (maleza, pasto) Siguiente página Náhuatl. In this study, we created a panel of recombination substrates containing actual immunoglobulin where can u buy viagra in uk T-cell receptor coding-end sequences and dissected the role of each motif by comparing its processing pattern with those of variants containing minimal nucleotide changes from the original sequence. Departments and centers. Detailed mutagenesis of this region indicated that transactivation is mediated by three highly conserved sequences, spanning amino acids 13 to 22 (subdomain A), 32 to 38 (subdomain B), and 60 to 73 (subdomain C). A Lane Building Services Pre-Injection series head off to Lincolnshire this coming weekend (67 July) to the Auto 66 Club's "Festival Of Wheels" at Cadwell Park.
While HH was over at Uncle Mike's and Aunt Toni's for Thanksgiving dinner, Bugsy, Knuckles and I decorated for Christmas to surprise her. The result is our wonderful new header and our Christmas card. (Thanks to Ann of Zoolatry for both of those. We love them.)
The Christmas card and Christmas Header are lovely - Ann has done them for us too but Mum said ours can't go up until the weekend but we're going to make sure she doesn't forget.
Lovely header and card! Ann did ours too--we'll be redoing our blog this weekend, if we can get the mom to sit down and do it!
We love the new header and the card! You guys did a great job. I bet the house decorating is just as nice.
This used to be (and always will be in spirit) Max the Quilt Cat's Blog. On 3/8/13, he gave it over to Bugsy and Knuckles, his nephews. Max has gone to the bridge and advises them when necessary. Bugsy and Knuckles on the other hand are Double Trouble. Come join us for their antics. Everybuddy welcome.... P.S. ... HH is our food human and we let her blog now and then too... She's also a writer and artist and displays her paintings on Cat-A-Day Paintings. There's a badge to click on to go there.
HH's friend Susan paints pet portraits. Contact here by email at caseykessler@yahoo.com or go to her website at http://susanswatercolorart.com
I am finally able to touch base with my computer to write a little post about yesterday's embroidery workshop... What a wonderful day! Four participants had signed up and I welcomed them early in the morning at 9am. I guided them thoroughly all the way to the end, they did a wonderful job as you can see above! We then shared a delicious Filipino curry cooked by my Mr. in a relaxed atmosphere.
What of my aim about organizing my workshops is to create the best environment possible for like-minded people to meet up and become friends. So far, so good!
Are you keen to join my next workshop or an event I am participating to? You can easily keep up to date with the latest news by following this blog or my page on Facebook (here). You can also sign up for my newsletter (sign up here), I am usually sending it once a month.
You look great Marie. Miss you and I am so glad you enjoy more these activities in Tokyo. Certainly is a better avenue for indie crafter than Singapore ya?
@Fenny: Certainly better than Singapore, although things were moving when I left! I am really starting to enjoy it here, and see my handwork pay off (at last!)
A selection of the pieces made for KéTaLa... Hello friends, This post is long overdue as I want to introduce you to the first ...
Krl and Co craft & coffee shop in Payerne (Switzerland) Yesterday I attended Zakadit 's crochet workshop at Krl and Co, a ...
New book, new cover! Cover photo ©Ayako Hachisu 2018 Bonjour! Welcome back to the blog today, as I am very happy to share a big...
I have been part of this group on Flickr since it was created at the end of last year, and I can't believe I am going to submit my first...
Hi everyone, I am back on track after a short break from blogging. I needed some time to re-focus and think of what to do with Etincelle in ...
✩ Bonjour ✩ Today I would like to introduce you to a wonderful space dedicated to the haute-couture embroidery that I discovered ...
Cover & inside the Japanese version of the book Dear friends, As you may know, my first DIY book got published in Japan in Apr...
Yet another inspiration board, this one created during the e-course Blogging Your Way to help us define what we want to talk about on our bl...
Japanese sweets & matcha green tea at Yakumo Saryo Tea House Hello friends, If you are in Tokyo and appreciate green tea + Ja...
Unless otherwise stated, all photographs and material are my original and copyrighted. You are free to blog them, but please make sure you link back to this site or the original post. Common courtesy can go a long way. Thank you!
In an appeal to the refusal decision against trademark application no. 2014-8964 for a three dimensional shape of box-type lighter in connection with lighters of class 34 filed by ZIPPO Manufacturing Company (US), the Appeal Board of Japan Patent Office (JPO), after stating the application impermissibly contains two 3D marks, namely Shape A with a lighter lid closed and Shape B with a lighter lid open, ruled as follows.
Shape A can be easily perceived as a shape of box-type lighter with the lid closed in connection with the goods in dispute. Besides, as a matter of fact, similar lighters are commercially produced and distributed in general. If so, relevant traders and consumers at the sight of Shape A are likely to conceive the shape as a mere indication of the lighter. Thus, Shape A is objectionable based on Article 3(1)(iii) of the Trademark Law since the shape solely consists of a shape commonly used on lighters.
Even if Shape A corresponds to the 3D shape of “ZIPPO Brushed Chrome 200” substantially produced and promoted by applicant, it is questioned whether Shape A serves to function as a source indicator since presumably traders and consumers distinguish applicant’s lighters by the “ZIPPO” letter marked at the bottom of the lighter where the lid remains closed. Accordingly, Shape A is unregistrable based on Article 3(2) as well.
Three dimensional shapes cited for refusal during initial examination are all related to box-type lighters with a lid closed. As long as there shows no reference to lighters with a lid open in the refusal decision, it should be construed that the initial examination just questioned Shape A, not B.
Since applicant amended to delete Shape A from the application, the initial decision lacks legal ground to refusal the applied mark of Shape B based on Article 3(1)(iii) accordingly.
As a conclusion, the Board admits to register the applied 3D mark consisting of Shape B in connection with lighters.
It is worthy to note that in an attempt to register 3D shape of goods, a hidden shape is considered an independent mark from the shape perceivable from appearance of the goods.
Besides, the JPO allowed to delete one of 3D marks depicted in the application document without detrimental effect to the applicant despite that the Trademark Law prohibits amendment of mark amounting to change its gist.
--- Select Month --- September 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 October 2011 September 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 October 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010
As with keeping with my newly found need to work out and get into a shape; rather than round that is. I have started going to the gym with a friend of mine. However in some of the exercises that I need to do; mainly for my stomach and core muscles, I have done so at home. This not only saves me time, but also saves me having to brave the excessive crowds at the gym currently – new year’s resolutions and all. However since I have hard wood floors in my home I need to a mat to use in order to provide some sort of cushion and traction.
Enter the yoga mat; not just for yoga. I have never been a proponent of yoga per-say, but these studio mats work great to do any kind of floor-based exercises. Made from a clean PVC material they are able to stick to the floor and allow me to move around easily while still keeping traction. At the same time they keep me from making direct contact to the hard floor; as that is very uncomfortable to do so. So they service a multitude of purposes, not just for a yoga environment, but for any kind of exercise really. If you do any kind of home exercises and have a hard floor that you want to circumvent I highly recommend picking up a yoga mat today!
Published to benefit the SPCA, a lighthearted treasury by the creators of the Hot Guys and Baby Animals Wall Calendar features photographs of attractive, often shirtless male models with adorable baby animals and is complemented by tongue-in-cheek captions about their likes and dislikes.
Are you sick and tired of studly male models showing off their perfectly sculpted muscles? Have you had enough of cuddly baby animals flaunting their perfect newborn fuzzy cuteness? We didn't think so. Shirtless guys and puppy dog eyes take over with this collection of Hot Guys and Baby Animals by Audrey Khuner and Carolyn Newman. Hot Guys and Baby Animals features photos of gorgeous guys and their fuzzy friends, along with tongue-in-cheek captions detailing the likes and dislikes of each guy and baby animal. Let the "ohs" and "ahs" begin as male models play with puppies, snuggle kittens, nuzzle lambs, and even coo at a few chicks (baby chickens, that is). Perhaps the Sundance Channel says it best in its review of the California calendar that started it all: "Hot guys + baby animals = genius."
Are you sick and tired of seeing studly dudes showing off their perfectly sculpted muscles? Have you had enough of those baby animals flaunting their newborn, fuzzy cuteness? We didn't think so. brbrA hilarious spin on two calendar staples, The Hot Guys and Baby Animals calendar returns, with even hotter guys and even more adorable baby animals! Featuring twelve months of adorable fuzzballs cuddling up in the muscular arms of extremely sexy guys--it creates one hot yet adorable extravaganza. IT's perfect for any woman with a sense of humor...Or...Well...A pulse.br
Humans of New York meets Porn for Women in this collection of candid photos, clever captions, and hilarious hashtags about one of the most important subjects of our time: hot dudes reading. Based on the viral Instagram account of the same name, Hot Dudes Reading takes its readers on a ride through all five boroughs of New York City, with each section covering a different subway line. Using their expert photography skills (covert iPhone shots) and journalistic ethics (#NoKindles), the authors capture the most beautiful bibliophiles in all of New York—and take a few detours to interview some of the most popular hot dudes from the early days of the Instagram account. Fun, irreverent, and wittily-observed, this book is tailor-made for book lovers in search of their own happy endings—and those who just want to get lost between the covers for a while.
Just when you think the coop craze couldn’t get any hotter, gorgeous male models cuddle up to some seriously cute chicks—baby chickens, that is. Hot on the heels of the wildly successful Hot Guys and Baby Animals, comes Hot Guys and Cute Chicks, featuring absurdly funny photos of male models posing with their fuzzy little friends, paired with tongue-in-cheek personals giving the likes and dislikes of the guys and the chicks. It doesn’t get much sweeter than an adorable little fledgling cradled in the arms of a strong and sexy man. Hot Guys and Cute Chicks will have you saying “Whoa!” and “Awww…!” at the same time.
The pictures are paired with tongue-in-cheek captions showcasing the likes and dislikes of both the man and the kitten. Like the guys themselves, this book is the perfect combination of cute, sexy, and funny. You'll find yourself saying "ooh" and "aw" at the same time!
Welcome to the lighter side of convent life. Culled from the black-and-white 1950s and '60s, here are hundreds of nuns caught in the act of letting their wimples down.--[book cover]
New York Times Bestseller! A delightful and quirky compendium of the Animal Kingdom’s more unfortunate truths, with over 150 hand-drawn illustrations. Ever wonder what a mayfly thinks of its one-day lifespan? (They’re curious what a sunset is.) Or how a jellyfish feels about not having a heart? (Sorry, but they’re not sorry.) This melancholy menagerie pairs the more unsavory facts of animal life with their hilarious thoughts and reactions. Sneakily informative, and wildly witty, SAD ANIMAL FACTS will have you crying with laughter.
The name tells it all: "Color Explosion" is the newest calendar by Mark Henderson, featuring beautiful images of attractive male models with large swaths of bright, jewel-like colors. EVery photograph is a mini-essay in color harmonies and has been carefully placed. A Stunning adventure in the world of male erotic photography!
The only big-business tycoon boasting his own private executive litter box and luxury mega cat condo, the dashing Business Cat misses meetings because he’s stuck in trees, sends emails while napping on keyboards, and demands to be let out, then in, then out again. This debut volume of the popular online comic The Adventures of Business Cat collects all the fan favorites plus a generous bonus of all-new material, for value-added experience and high employee satisfaction. Cat lovers and office workers of the world: meet in the break room and unite!
Runaway Kids and Teenage Prostitution: America's Lost Abandoned and Sexually Exploited Children: America's Lost Abandoned and Sexually Exploited Children ... in Criminology and Penology
Easy Learning German Complete Grammar Verbs and Vocabulary (3 books in 1) (Collins Easy Learning German)
Cracking the AP U.S. Government Politics Exam, 2017 Edition: Proven Techniques to Help You Score a 5 (College Test Preparation)
Gifted and Talented COGAT Test Prep Grade 2: Gifted Test Prep Book for the COGAT Level 8; Workbook for Children in Grade 2
The Process of Investigation, Fourth Edition: Concepts and Strategies for Investigators in the Private Sector
Support and resistance is the key to price action trading and in this Forex price action lesson master trader Johnathon Fox teaches traders exactly how he goes about.
"Central Asia is the thickest piece of cake given to the modern Chinese by the heavens." ~ General Liu Yazhou of China's People's Liberation Army (PLA)
The first autumn winds in Kazakhstan’s capital brought with them a major cabinet reshuffle that promoted popular, effective Prime Minister Karim Massimov to head the preeminent presidential administration and moved First Deputy Prime Minister Serik Akhmetov to the premier spot. President Nursultan Nazarbayev confirmed both appointments on September 24, after one of his advisors spoke to the press two days earlier about the possible shift (Tengrinews, September 22). The musical chairs at the top of Kazakhstan’s government structures come amid widespread speculation and reported wrangling over who will succeed Nazarbayev to become the country’s second president. Continue reading →
Edited by Raffaello Pantucci, Director of International Security Studies at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) and Sue Anne Tay, Global Director of Young China Watchers (YCW).
Archives Select Month August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 January 2012 November 2011
The best way to live out your super-spy fantasy is behind the wheel of an Aston Martin, and the Vantage is the least expensive way to do it. Offered as a coupe or convertible, performance from the V8 Vantage’s engine is nothing short of brutish, at 420 or 430 hp; six-speed manual and seven-speed automatic transmissions are offered.
You only need to drive the V8 Vantage Vantage S Coupe 2dr to realise Aston Martin has thrown everything it knows at its latest four-seat convertible. While the intense levels of body shake that blighted the previous V8 Vantage Vantage S Coupe 2dr have been reduced exponentially
You only need to drive the V8 Vantage Vantage S Coupe 2dr to realise Aston Martin has thrown everything it knows at its latest four-seat convertible. While the intense levels of body shake that blighted the previous V8 Vantage Vantage S Coupe 2dr have been reduced exponentially.
The best way to live out your super-spy fantasy is behind the wheel of an Aston Martin, and the Vantage is the least expensive way to do it. Offered as a coupe or convertible
Attractive section of cotnnet. I just stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to assert that I acquire in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way Ie2€™ll be subscribing to your augment and even I achievement you access consistently fast.
With havin so much content do you ever run into any pbmlreos of plagorism or copyright violation? My website has a lot of completely unique content I've either authored myself or outsourced but it looks like a lot of it is popping it up all over the internet without my authorization. Do you know any solutions to help prevent content from being ripped off? I'd genuinely appreciate it.
Is the 2nd degree aculatly called Information Systems with Business ? If it is, then they're both considered similar, if not the same. In that case, pick either they will both have an equal amount of job opportunities.However, if its called information systems and there's no with business part, then they are, in fact, two different degrees.A single IS (with no business) degree is focused solely on the computer.ITM has more business involved you'll be taking courses in Marketing, Accounting, Finance and Human Resources along with your computer courses, whereas in IS, there isn't as much business.In this case, I would opt for ITM.Hope that helps! Was this answer helpful?
I have only started using Visual Studio a few weeks. I think the post and the links were ietirestnng, but a little too advanced for me. Is there a link you can post about tutorials for beginners? Thanks!
I need help, i have done all you did﻿ there, but it wont work. I have other mods installed with it, Zans MiniMap, TMI, SinglePLayerCmd, Shelf MOd, GlassLight MOd, MOdLoader, Modloader Mp, adooimd, cctv mod. Wont work. NOt blazk screen it just stuck on Dirt Blocks, Help plz
Automatic SEO Robot to DOMINATE all TOP 5 pages of GOOGLEfor your websites and reeffral Urls,includes Automatic search engine submissions,tons of backlinks on daily basis,tons of facebook fans we can get on daily basis with this,Tons of traffic you will get on daily basis,BY Automatic way this with SEO Robot,to get listed and Ranked in all top 5 pages of Google and Make huge Money from homeLet me knowOver skype and yahoo messangerId for both is
Wonderful books created by a matesr talent.Initially it seemed strange to see a princess and a princess story' with not caucasian characters .but excitingly strange !! And , of course, to have a history lesson via Storm's childhood tales and his own research certainly enhanced the reality of the sketches.As the previous reviewist' ..I also expected a different outcome ..based on the title.Perhaps Storm could weave a further few pages of drawings and verse to delight us all and give credance to the title chosen.The book about trees is beautiful in it's intention I will never look' at nature in the same way !! I am buying both books . to share with my loved ones ..and others who pass thru my life.I do soooo look forward to a book for children which highlights the benefits of choosing healthy foods over junk foods ..done wisely and with humour.With much gratitude to the Talifero team for their love and dedication , inspiration and creativity.Susanna
These are acually from the day berofe yesterday when I did the 10-20 vs 12-24 comparison. :) Macros and rain are fun but difficult. You need to be sooo still, and nature too. Not an easy mix. :D And sometimes result is nice. Thanks for comment.
Lol, as soon as I saw that girly face I knew it was Lily Hoshino without liokon at the author name. Her art is pretty good, but her ukes are almost TOO girly for me, though her stories are always cute enough to read through anyway, and this is actually one of her best that I've read so far
Good call. A number of pceerftly good German names have that as a short form or a component; no need to bastardize it.(IMHO ya might've dropped the ball with Erza, but nobody who's been following your subs this long should care at this stage either way. I don't.)Addendum: Google informs me that Justin Freid is an internet marketing and promotions agency. I am amused.
I have mixed feelings about this book. It s pterty enjoyable, and I love reading and rereading it. It s also my favorite from the series cause it's the most romantic out of them all (imo) and I m a hopeless romantic. However when i analyze it, it isn't really that good. Most of the characters are pterty interesting/original in some way or another (the lead character, for once, isn't the shy and insecure freak/loner/etc bella swan, lee fiora, mia thermopolis, bianca from evernight, the list could go on and on forever) and yet they are not enough explored for my taste. stefan is a pterty good character, however, I d probably like him better if he didn t remind me of a watered-down version of the swoony simon from silver kiss (i don't like edward cullen, btw. his character is too fake?) and the monster-in-me shit is kind of getting old. damon is my favorite, but he could be so much more. the book feels too short, like things happen too fast. the so-called love triangle that the cover promotes never happens ele
Good review autlohgh like the previous comment noted; the lighting could have been better. One thing i don't like about the Nook is that it doesn't support .html or .txt files, actually i don't even understand why there have to be an exclusive format for books, my experience is that .html always render without problems which you can't say about .epub or .pdf, especially not .pdf.
Wow actually a huge post. I like this.I just passed this onto a colleague who was doing a little research on that. And he actually bought me lunch because I found it for him. Overall, Lots of great information and inspiration, both of which we all need!
Under the motto: 'Don't offer them fish, but learn them how to fish', Rotterdam's Task Force for Artist Participation launched its innovative policy measures to a mix of a upcoming and established artists at the University of Pretoria on 18 August.
For too long now, the African art world's potential has been subdued due to the colonial imposition of the ultimately Western concept of artistic autonomy. The latter goes counter to their indigenous tradition of ubuntu. This is the idea that we are all connected and that who and what we are, as well as what we can achieve, is ultimately the result of our relationships with other people.
The native African artistic tradition can thus be said to have predated the recent relational and post-relational paradigm in Western art for many thousands of years. However, due to certain colonial misconceptions it has been alienated from its very roots.
Now is the time for Africa to reconnect to its indigenous traditions and steal the relational paradigm back from Western artists, curators and theorists. Artists in Africa should again take up its natural and world leadership with regards to art practices that fundamentally and constitutively participate in society.
The Task Force will play an intermediary and consultancy role in this turn around process. It will form links with key players and local stakeholders throughout South Africa.
You definitely also ought to check things that are distinctive that you're most very likely to submit when you get started using plagiarism checker on the web afterward. If you wish to stay away of plagiarism then certainly are always certainly a lof of methods by which you may make your content 100% usable and distinctive. A great deal of people may copy your content material also therefore, in itself is fine, provided that they furnish the origin of the content within their own reproduction and also offer you a backlink with this particular specific content.
What's more, it is possible to utilize art plagiarism checker for your own demands. Our plagiarism checker for college students is also rather easy touse. Locating a free plagiarism checker which works quick, is user-friendly and effective may be a hard endeavor but not impossible.
Fret forget about for there are plenty of good, reputable and no cost plagiarism checker websites to safeguard your hard job from being stolen. As they will be already mindful of its own importance an rising amount of people are utilizing a plagiarism checker program.
There are several alternatives around the internet and besides, if you're getting your paper online each and every on the web composing service has an integrated tool to be able to create certain that the students within their papers' superior and creativity quality. Free plagiarism also have the capacity to see similarities and matches if they truly are just a few phrases in span and checkers search countless records on the web. Discovering replicate content on the web is becoming really effortless that spot-the-plagiarist is a bash game.
If you're a student or perhaps a webmaster, then you also ought to look. Chancing up on an document when you would like to buy an write-up creating provider is easy. Web owners and site authors may revel https://wwwpapernow.org/ from the plagiarism products and services.
There certainly really are a excellent offer of free and paid programs are easily available to inspect uniqueness of content. If you should be in need of written content you might employ TextRoyal's expert services. For consumers that are more heavy, there's a range of superior services.
You will be supplied by effects with the capability to alter the information and resubmit it from your plagiarism checker for a novelty rating that is larger. Since the quantity of plagiarism continues to be on the increase there has also been a increase in the quantity of services that are online that detect it. It's a standard (and frequently misunderstood) dilemma that is the result of the lack of knowledge and skills our mission is always to encourage the instruction group.
You've must stop plagiarized content in your educational assignments, and also the best means to do that is using our plagiarism checker so as find text and to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intellectual_property scan your bit. You must assess. Your text will be checked against each and every web page which may be seen on the online almost absolutely nothing slips through the cracks undetected!
You need to get it done by one, In the event you would like to have a check at some newspapers. Well, first of all autumn, you will have the ability to scan your own composition at no price. Our best plagiarism checker for college students guarantees that nobody could find the articles that you downloaded, even together with no one, as it is simply technically impossible will probably possess access.
There BibMeas citation generator assistance, that plans to help you in building a bibliography that is suitable and complete. Plagiarism detection tool is provided by the website free of enrollment essential. Definitely internet web sites are excellent to get a plagiarism test but if you may really like to accomplish any considerable detection, then you might opt a subscription into a compensated support.
If you're browsing for a tool that is totally free , then a collection of kinds will be modest. If you could detect a drawer that is good or to get a few pounds, your children are certain to enjoy it. Please visit another manual for furtherinformation about the spray flea process and precisely what things to anticipate.
As there are a variety of circumstances as well as people Effectively it might be real. Regardless of, you'll find those who encourage the idea of undergoing a firearm for a great ways to guard their possessions. If you prefer to decrease the risk mention the works that you have consulted and you're supposed to supply references you're in big trouble.
Deciding great study paper theme ideas comes in a comprehension of the atmosphere of a body. Not rocket science involved to scrutinize the newspaper to get plagiarism, whatever you could need todo is paste one articles dissertation writing help which you would love to test for plagiarism ( it will be likely to make utilize of lots of free month-to-month inquiries to test drive it ) and click the option assess plagiarism online and let our on the web Scan tool handle remainder of these things. You have the capability to always differentiate a inadequate paper by a one by lots of elements quotations for example the source quality, not to mention that the check up for plagiarism.
Most students have already confirmed our totally free tool would be an convenient and wonderful feature which assisted them detect and repair. Applying a person elseas operate only means they're not working properly. Locating the most effective pc software isn't a simple endeavor.
The purpose is the fact the variant is reasonably priced. Then you'll observe the outcomes of this scanning in under one minute! You will enroll to be able to perform up to fifty hunts daily.
You ought to prepare yourself to go a stringent plagiarism look at. You may upload your own work file you have to search for plagiarism. You're able to determine plagiarism report.
Even the plagiarism checker doesn't just identify plagiarism however, in addition keeps the students on their feet. Our plagiarism plans to aid pupils avoid difficulties having the most typical mistakes. A surefire method is through citations.
With over 17 years of experience in the design industry, Karolyn enjoys providing clients with creative designs while building long lasting relationships along the way. With a background in advertising, marketing and project management in the design agency world coupled with her background in art direction, graphic design and copy editing in the media industry, Karolyn is well equipped to create outstanding results for her clients. Her study of psychology compliments my interest in understanding each of my client’s project goals and outcomes. Karolyn also believes in giving back. A big part of her life is sharing and educating others about the world of ASD (Autism Spectrum Disorder). It is an area that is close to her heart. She is a mother of two amazing little people who she enjoys watching grow and learning all of what life has to offer.
January 2016 February 2016 March 2016 April 2016 May 2016 June 2016 July 2016 August 2016 September 2016 October 2016 November 2016 December 2016 January 2017 February 2017 March 2017 April 2017 May 2017 June 2017 July 2017 August 2017 September 2017 October 2017 November 2017 December 2017 January 2018 February 2018 March 2018 April 2018 May 2018 June 2018 July 2018 August 2018 September 2018 October 2018 November 2018 December 2018 January 2019 February 2019 March 2019 April 2019 May 2019 June 2019 July 2019 August 2019 September 2019 October 2019 November 2019 December 2019 January 2020 February 2020 March 2020 April 2020 May 2020 June 2020 July 2020 August 2020 September 2020 October 2020 November 2020 December 2020 January 2021 February 2021 March 2021 April 2021 May 2021 June 2021 July 2021 August 2021 September 2021 October 2021 November 2021 December 2021 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
The Waterloo Innovation Summit is a national speaker series that focuses on technology's central role in global issues in the age of disruption.
On November 13, the University of Waterloo and partner Microsoft will host an important dialogue between industry, government and academic leaders on the role tech can play in threat mitigation, clean infrastructure, climate innovation, and adaptation.
Interested in building your digital skills? Our part-time professional development programs offer flexible scheduling options to suit your lifestyle. Our goal is to empower you through cutting-edge digital skills training, programs, workshops and events.
If you're not sure which course is right for you or your career goals, join us for this 60 minute informational session led ...
If you're not sure which course is right for you or your career goals, join us for this 60 minute informational session led by our Learning Advisors. This session will provide you with an opportunity to explore the BrainStation learning environment and custom portal, curriculum and enrolment options.
x86 servers and Gigabit Ethernet are the most popular technologies on the hardware front. India Inc continues to earmark the biggest portion of its IT budget for hardware. by Priya Jain
According to the IS survey, investment in hardware tops the charts when it comes to spending on IT in large and medium businesses. This finding is in tune with the previous two surveys. Most enterprises continue to spend on hardware as they upgrade their networks to keep pace with business expansion. It is interesting to note that while spending in many areas has reduced this year, enterprises across verticals continue to spend on hardware.
Demand for hardware is strongest among companies undergoing rapid expansionbanks and financial institutions, manu-facturing/engineering and auto components, chemical and pharma, FMCG and telcos. Hardware features among the top three focus areas of the IT budget in the survey, with 29 percent of the respondents plumping for it.
x86 is the preferred server platform and its adoption is highest in the manufacturing/engineering and auto components sector and the IT/ITeS vertical. Overall 68 percent of the respondents (304) across verticals have invested in x86 servers and 21 percent are planning to invest in this category in the current fiscal. Only 9 percent of enterprises are planning to invest in RISC servers during the current financial year.
AMD could be gaining ground in its fight with Intel although widespread deployment remains far away. The survey reveals that only 8 percent of enterprises are using AMD Opteron-based servers. The usage of AMD Opteron server is relatively higher in the FMCG/consumer durables segment (13 percent). Many companies are looking at AMD Opteron for implementations in the future as it is perceived to be a cost-effective architecture.
I dont think that AMD is catching up. There is still time for wide deployment of such processors. For instance, we are using an Intel-based processor system on Microsoft OS and other software including databases for client server operations as a global standard named as common operating environment for 150 offices in 30 countries for our intranet.
I think Wi-Fi is best for specific hot spot zones or for centralised conference rooms with access from network. However, heavy applications still need broadband technology for wider usage.
The printing technology depends on usage. We use centralised laser network printers on a large scale and individual inkjets are used in combination to cater for bulk as well as confidential self requirement functionality. We also use outsourced high-speed multi-function device for A0 to A4 printing, scanning, copying and so on.
Among the peripherals UPS has certainly gained momentum. For instance, we have centralised UPS for critical systems like a server farm with redundancy backed up by DG sets. Stabilised power supply and critical client machines are backed up by individual UPS and clean electrical system with surge protection and isolated earthing.
In terms of networking, reliability of the network is the topmost priority. There is a change in networking budgets in large and medium businesses. Now when they are looking at business strategies they are looking at networking as a strategic opportunity. The requirements of networking in large and medium businesses depend on the segment in which they are operating and the nature of applications used. For instance in the telecom, government and services segment the dependability on LAN and WAN is high.
The requirement for switches is based on the number of users whereas the demand for routers depends on the number of locations. Services companies are planning to invest in a big way in switches and routers mainly to keep pace with their expansion in terms of employees and locations. Large and medium businesses do not consider cost when it comes to critical business requirements.
Feature-rich routers and switches sport integrated security and manageability via simple network management protocol (SNMP); Gigabit Ethernet is fast becoming a preferred option. Fast Ethernet and Ethernet are being phased out in these organisations as they look at Gigabit Ethernet to accommodate their voice, video and data transfer needs.
Moreover, today most of the LAN uplink is by default on Gigabit. There is hardly any price difference between a Fast Ethernet (FE) switch and an FE switch with a Gigabit uplink. Also prices of Gigabit Ethernet equipment have dropped to a comparable level with that of Fast Ethernet gear.
Investment in structured cabling is the highest in the government, BFSI and manufacturing segment. While the FMCG and government verticals are planning to invest in it in future. In recent times though we can see the emergence of Cat 6a in fresh implementations while Cat 7 hasnt made much headway.
Deploy your front-end (Web tier, file & print) mid-tier applications (app server etc) on x86 and reserve RISC for your database or ERP server
Wi-Fi is best suited for organisations with a huge campus or large buildings and lots of notebook users
Mix and match technologies to suit your needs. DMPs are best for transaction printing while lasers work out best for business documents with graphics
The survey correctly points out the increase in use of x86 platforms. We prefer an x86 platform because it is much easier to administer and set up and is cost effective. We have been using x86 for our mail server and document management. The only drawback though is that we need to go for continuous security updates. We plan to invest in Windows-based x86 workgroup servers on board our ships for similar reasons.
As for operating systems, I believe that Windows has its advantages. Windows is easier to maintain, therefore we use it on ships whereas we use Linux in offices because it requires technical help and guidance.
Wireless at Great Eastern Shipping Company is yet to start. One of the reasons for this is because it still cannot match the speed of copper and is not completely secure.
Its quite right to say that adoption of printers depends on the workload. We use inkjets at desktop level, line printers are being used for leisure printing, and dot matrix is being used for check printing, while laser is being used for high-end printing.
As the cost of wireless infrastructure drops, adoption has risen. Growing notebook usage is another factor; all those notebook users need wireless connections, if they are to be mobile. Moreover, hospitals and educational institutes have huge campus areas to be covered. The investment in wireless is the highest in the services sector followed by the manufacturing and IT/ITeS verticals. Wi-Fi is already nearing saturation in some segments. For instance, 71 percent of the companies in the services sector have already invested in Wi-Fi so only 14 percent plan to invest in the future.
Choice of printers still depends on the workload. The adoption rate of laser, inkjet and dot-matrix printers is almost at par across all verticals. Of the total respondent base of 328, 94 percent have laser printers, 88 percent have inkjets and 84 percent have dot-matrix printers.
The services vertical leads in the adoption of laser and inkjet printers. DMPs are used for requirements like check printing while the existing line printers are still being used in a number of applications in the BFSI, manufacturing/engineering and auto components and government segments. These are usually faster and less expensive (in total cost of ownership) than laser printers. In printing box labels, medium volume accounting and other large business applications, and line printers remain in use.
Multi-functional devices (MFDs) are not ubiquitous yet. 40 percent of respondents have invested in MFDs. Manufacturing leads the pack with 49 percent followed by services and telecom.
The survey also points out that the usage of colour in the organisation is increasing. Colour printers are in use at 91 percent of respondents. As far as colour printing goes, inkjet adoption is higher when compared to laser. MFDs for colour printing have the lowest adoption with just 18 percent having invested in this technology.
© Copyright 2001: Indian Express Newspapers (Mumbai) Limited (Mumbai, India). All rights reserved throughout the world. This entire site is compiled in Mumbai by the Business Publications Division (BPD) of the Indian Express Newspapers (Mumbai) Limited. Site managed by BPD.
Greetings wonderful humans! My name is Scooby and I came to the shelter when my previous person fell ill and could no longer care for me. Life here has taken some adjusting and I am still very shy with new people and surroundings. Great news is that the more I get to know the staff here the more I have started to warm up.
All I want is a home where I know I can rest my heart and mind. It would be my dream to live in a place where I receive plenty of loving structure so I can bloom into a well adjusted fellow.
Its unclear at this point how I will be around other doggies so if you already have furry friends please bring them in to meet me in person. If you have children it would be best that they be mature with a gentle nature.
If you would like to contribute to the care and well being of Scooby and our other animals please click here to donate: https://www.razoo.com/organization/Nevadaspca
Nevada Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Nevada SPCA) No-Kill Animal Shelter & Sanctuary
Этапы строительства коттеджей из несъемной опалубки, строительство из пенополистирола - «Невский Дом»
Motorized Pan/Tilt/Zoom-After the mobile phone or device is connected to the camera, pan/tilt/zoom freely, to lock the line of sight on the baby regardless of where the baby is and care for the baby in real time.360-degree Monitoring-The baby monitor rotates 270°left and right and rotates up and down 120°. The bracket (package included) 360°adjustment monitor position.Large Memory + 32G Extended Memory + Connect Computer-The parent product has 8G of the body comes with storage, can accept micro SD card extended memory to 32G. Save your baby's exciting moments and growth experience.
Shenzhen Kingfit Technology Ltd. is a professional Baby Monitoring Devices supplier in China with full experience for OEM&ODM project,I believe that we can offer the best service and best quality for you and your customers!
A: First, Artwork for visual confirmation, and next is Sample picture or sending sample to you for confirmation, finally we will go to mass production.
1.Our price is reasonable,it can help you win your competitor,win your markets and bring profit to you.
2.High quality ,inspectors conduct meticulous procedures over every single step from key components to final packing, ensuring every batch delivered is defect-free.
Looking for ideal WiFi Remote Baby Monitor Manufacturer & supplier ? We have a wide selection at great prices to help you get creative. All the Lullabies Baby Monitor are quality guaranteed. We are China Origin Factory of IPS Display Baby Monitor. If you have any question, please feel free to contact us.
www.mcafeecomactivatekey.com is an independent support provider on On-Demand Remote Technical Services For McAfee products. www.mcafeecomactivatekey.com is an independent service provider for software related issues in desktops, laptops, devices, and peripherals. www.mcafeecomactivatekey.com hold no association or affiliation with any of these brands or third-party companies and solely provide support service for the product issues faced by users If your product is covered by warranty, then the support services we are providing may also be available for free from manufacturer official website service.mcafee.com
After a 20-year hiatus from the classroom, I recently had the opportunity to reconnect with my most influential professor from graduate school, Dr. Allen Michel. Dr. Michel, an internationally recognized expert on mergers & acquisition related matters and a professor at Boston University Graduate School of Management, asked me to speak to his graduate students on "what leads to a… read more →
As a CEO, wouldn't it be nice to be able to instantly access sales margin information to better forecast next month's profitability, determine whether you should run a sale on certain items to hit year-end sales figures or instantly see how your new sales representative is performing in Louisville... all while you may be half way around the world visiting… read more →
Referral marketing is sometimes considered one of the simplest and least glamorous types of marketing. However, when utilized correctly it can result in remarkably high close rates with an extraordinarily high return on investments. The internet and social media outlets, where communication travels freely (and instantly), is forcing companies to re-think how they utilize this tried and true strategy of… read more →
Four years ago, I joined the Alliance of Merger & Acquisition Advisors® (AM&AA), a trade organization bringing together investment bankers, private equity professionals, CPAs, attorneys and other corporate financial advisors for educational and networking purposes. This past month, AM&AA held its Summer Conference in Chicago which included over 400 M&A professionals discussing various topics ranging from valuation and leverage trends to the… read more →
OK, I admit it. I was thrilled to watch LeBron and his Miami Heat "team" self-implode during the 2011 NBA finals. Interestingly, I was not alone seeing that an ESPN poll showed that 49 states in the U.S. wanted to see Dallas beat Miami. The lesson we all learned during this year's NBA finals is that dysfunction within a team,… read more →
MCM Capital Partners is a microcap private equity firm focused on acquiring niche manufacturers, value added distributors and specialty service companies generating up to $75 million in annual revenues and having enterprise values up to $50 million.
Breakout harga dari salah satu channel dapat dimanfaatkan sebagai indikasi entry untuk meningkatkan peluang profit. The Relative Strength Index is arguably the most popular technical indicator when it comes to trading. But being popular doesn’t always make you right or easy. David Jones knows this and is here to give a helping hand to those just starting their journey in the world of the markets, as well as those who’ve had a bit more experience. He goes over the way it’s calculated, its parameters and default settings and goes on to show it in real examples. There you can see it at peak performance but more importantly - when a bit more attention or caution is necessary to use it properly. At Trading 212 we provide an execution only service. This video should not be construed as investment advice. Investments money management di trading binary option can fall and rise. Capital at risk. CFDs are higher risk because of leverage.
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. boobage.net has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. If you see something illegal, please, email us and we will remove it ASAP. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parts. We have no control over the content of these pages, all materials are added automatically.
Plumper Teen Boobs Porn Fuck never sleeps! We keep finding and uploading the hottest Plumper Teen Sex Movies for you from all over the world round the clock. Every time you visit our free Plumper Teen Porn Tube you will see brand new Plumper Teen sex adventures of hot amateur lovers from different places.
All free tits clips here are hosted by third parties that are not related or affiliated with in any way.
A Valentine’s Day dance at Greg’s middle school has turned his world upside down. As Greg scrambles to find a date, he’s worried he’ll be left out in the cold on the big night. His best friend, Rowley, doesn’t have any prospects either, but that’s a small consolation.
An unexpected twist gives Greg a partner for the dance and leaves Rowley the odd man out. But a lot can happen in one night, and in the end, you never know who’s going to be lucky in love.
I, in general, love The Diary of a Wimpy Kid series. When my dad bought me the whole collection the beginning of last year, I was really excited and finished the whole series within three days. I find myself enjoying each one and laughing hysterically at the hilarious antics Greg got up to. However, the latest book I just read didn't live up to my expectations. I think the previous books were too good and therefore they set the bar quite high. It had some humour in it, but I didn't find it as side-splittingly funny as the previous ones in the series. It was good, but not great.
The Third Wheel is about Greg, mainly, trying to get a date to the dance. I will admit it was quite hilarious all the tactics that Greg and Rowley did to try and get a date. Greg told Rowley that he should try and be elected for the student council, as then Greg could tell Rowley what to do and say, therefore Greg would be coming up with the ideas and running some of the school. But Rowley isn't always the brightest kid on the block, so that idea of Greg's didn't last long. I also loved the description Greg gave of him still being in his mother's womb, and how she spent endless amounts playing classical music and educational TV shows in hope that Greg would be born a child genius.
When Greg manages to go on a date as just friends, with popular Abigail and Rowley, Greg couldn't believe his luck! When they all went to eat out though, of course, things didn't run quite as smooth as Greg had hoped. Him, Abigail and Rowley were going to eat out at a fancy restaurant, but Greg's jacket had been messed up, therefore he had to borrow one from the restaurant, which smelt of hectic under-arm odour. He then decided to take his date to Corny's, a cheap restaurant that is always over-run with whiny, sticky kids and the seating arrangement always has left over food messed on the upholstery. They eventually get to the dance, things finally go smoothly...or so we think. When Abigail's boyfriend walks through the door with another girl, after he saying he wouldn't be able to attend the dance, Abigail runs crying into the bathroom, when she walks out and talks to Greg, well, it doesn't end well :p
In The Third Wheel, and from the previous two in the series, we see that Greg Heffley is growing up and acting more mature than in the previous books. He's becoming interested in girls and becoming more aware of his looks and even sometimes, who he hangs out with. And although I enjoy reading about Greg growing up and the hilarious situations he gets into, I think if Jeff Kinney does want to write a long series about Greg that he needs to make the events that happen more interesting.
I lent The Third Wheel to the ten year old boy living next to us who enjoys reading, after a few days he handed the book back to me and I asked him if he finished it and he said, "No, its boring" and I was quite surprised. I thought he would've enjoyed it but he found it boring compared to other books he has read. Its not that I found it boring, its just nothing much happens over almost three hundred pages, its just drawings and ramblings, and I think the author needs to create a better, well-structured plot.
This was a good installment to the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series, but I do think that it could have been slightly better. There were still laugh out loud moments that Diary of a Wimpy Kid would not have been complete without. If you are a Diary of a Wimpy Kid fan (like I), this would be fabulous to add to your collection, with guaranteed laughs, an arrogant yet loveable main character, you will enjoy most of it, even though its not the best :)
I have read the first one in this series and found it hilarious, I really must read the rest! It is a shame that it didn't live up to your expectations but at least you still enjoyed it. Thanks for sharing your brilliant review, Kyra! :) xx
This was my first book of Wimpy kid series & i enjoyed reading it. I saw lots of funny line illustrations and large fonts that mimic handwriting, which was more appealing to read. As i was not following the series, initially it was difficult for me to co-relate the characters & understand the backgrounds.
Once in a while it is good read new books from different genre & it was nice a nice one, i really liked the way the illustrations are done.
effective business planning techniques types of planning strategic tactical operational contingency planning video lesson transcript business plan templates word.
Adobe insights about creating, delivering and monetizing digital content across platforms and devices
The summer is always a good time to learn about new technologies or brush up on new features in the technologies you already use. Belgian training center Oak3 is organizing a 2 day Flash on Android Summer Camp on August 9th and 10th. On the first day you’ll learn everything you need to know to […]
We’re helping out with a series of training seminars for PHP developers who want to learn more about Flex. It’s a great way to dive in and see all of the new stuff with Flex 4 and Flash Builder 4 and how to get it up and running with your PHP backends.
There is a two-day training workshop taking place on the 24th and 25th of September in London covering some of the more advanced topics relating to Flex development.
If you’ve been working with Flex for a while and are interested in the differences between MVC Flex framworks, design patterns, application builds and continuous integration, portals, modularization of Flex applications, unit, stress & functional testing, as well as a host of other topics, then I’d encourage you to check out this workshop.
More details and pricing information is here. You can use the code ‘ebd’ to get a 20% discount on the course fee.
In the summer it’s usually a little quieter at work so why not use this quiet time to learn something new? ActionScript 3.0 for instance. Doug Winnie, Adobe’s group manager for designer/developer workflows, just started a new series on Adobe TV titled: “ActionScript 1:1″.
As part of my learning process with the beta releases of Flash Catalyst and Flash Builder I created a simple version of the Employee Directory application that we use inside Adobe to find information about employees.
I’ve written up the process of building this application and it’s now available on the Adobe Developer Connection site as a tutorial. If you’re interested in walking through the process of importing a design into Flash Catalyst, converting graphics to components, creating states and transitions, adding interactivity and then moving to Flash Builder, to connect to a ColdFusion or PHP back-end to retrieve and display data using the new DCD (Data Centric Development) features then I’d recommend it to you.
Blanche Dubois couldn’t have summed it up any better: “I have always relied upon the kindness of strangers”. That’s what I experienced this week, from not knowing my wonderful team members, to: Mo, our taxi driver who drove us to and from the site everyday, and took us through the Lower 9th Ward to see the notorious levee on the Industrial canal, now skirted by empty lots and ruins of foundations; Angelamia Bachemin, creator of the Jazz Hip Hop Orchestra and her sweetie, vocalist GinGin, who took Juliana and me on an extensive tour of their city, and brought us to Tomi, owner of the Juju Bag, who honored us by describing every special memory represented in her Juju Bag Cafe; Ben, our ever patient Habitat leader, teacher, and motivator; our other team members from NY: Chris , Christina, Michele and Catherine, there on their own on break from college; Stuart, who skipped out on his convention to come to work with us; Troy, with his brand new kidney, Rhonda, and Trina, locals who work on the weekend in the 9th Ward; Paul Scali our drummer and homeowner, who worked alongside us donning his straw hat; Trish, Barry, and Laverne, the kitchen staff at the French Quarter Chateau LeMoyne on Rue Dauphine: Trish brought her bench-sized cooler in on her day off so our picnic lunches would stay edible in the heat, Laverne who made us the home cooked breakfasts, Barry who got us coffee and gave me a hug on the last morning when I was so sad to be leaving; and all the unknown and silent partners who help in the huge rebuilding process. The resurrection of New Orleans is not just physical but also spiritual. To listen to the stories of destruction, survival, and perseverance begins to awaken spaces in your heart that you forget were there.
Musically, the week was more educational than I ever imagined it would be. Everywhere is music, the air sings an Ivesian juxtaposition of a multitude of styles. The city has a soundtrack all its own. From the morning big band classics at breakfast, to the eccentric Nola radio stations that kept us “jukin'” at work, we were serenaded by music. The Zydeco band at Mulate’s had accordion, fiddle, bass, and drums, and reminded me of the band in the old black & white Andy Griffith show. With their female bass player dressed in casual conservative slacks to the genderless drummer, they appeared completely disconnected. Yet in the back where we sat, the music came together as a wonderful joyous ensemble, letting the good times roll. The jazz trio at the Crescent City Brewery was so clean and sophisticated, was it live or Memorex? The quintet at the bar on the corner of St. Peter and Bourbon, near Preservation Hall, had a hot New Orleans bop style reminiscent of Satchmo, with the suited trumpeter/vocalist, sax sideman, female stilettoed pianist, solid bass, and Buddha-esque drummer planted firmly on his drum stool. The surreal vocals of Micaela accompanied by her smooth Brazilian guitarist at the Juju Bag, GinGin occasionally harmonizing; drumming with Angie, GinGin, and Juliana, Angie’s lilting voice rising over the beat. Our musical tour culminated at Margaritaville watching Paul playing with the legends: the 76 year old bass player, the hopped up singer, and the Motown legend on guitar, stoically playing solos behind his back. He gave new meaning to playing “off the top of your head.”
The food! Where to begin? We had many excellent meals, beginning with lunch at Oceana, and dinner at the Acme Oyster House on Monday. Tuesday we walked over to one of Gile’s favorites, Mulate’s across from the Convention Center, where Linda swears she had the best pork chop she’s ever had! I had the Mulate’s crab-stuffed catfish with the twice-stuffed baked potato (stuffed with sausage and cheese). Wednesday, we returned to one of Linda’s favorites, the Crescent City Brew Pub, to try the BBQ ribs, so tender and meaty. Janelle found the 50 year old Gumbo Shop for Thursday night, which has a well earned reputation for tourists and locals. The Gumbo Shop’s crawfish remoulade salad was a perfect cool dinner after a hot day of working in the sun. Friday was the Juju Bag Café with Angelamia & GinGin, sitting on the patio, listening to Micaela, and watching the Ibis fly overhead from the lake to the river. Tomi’s fresh fried catfish with her sides of potato salad, mashed sweet potatoes, mac & cheese, and peas was lite and delicious! We finished our culinary tour on Saturday night with a feast at the Red Fish Grill, with their succulent blackened catfish. We tasted fresh oysters at Acme and Red Fish Grill’s signature barbequed oysters with a hint of blue cheese and cayenne sauce. How many ways can you eat catfish? And the Cajun delights abound: jambalaya, gumbo etouffee, red beans & rice, crawfish remoulade. No trip to New Orleans is complete without a stop at Café Du Monde for coffee and beignets, where powdered sugar is all around. Thanks to Noah’s fondness for desserts and his spirit of sharing, we tasted many delicious sweet things. The prize winner was Mulate’s bread pudding, the recipe can be found in Alton Brown’s “Feasting on Asphalt” which is sold on the premises!
Philosophy lessons learned: teamwork relinquishes ownership. It took a year to build Paul’s house through Habitat for Humanity. Every week, every day, a different team does their best to quickly learn new skills or share knowledge in order to build a home. We work together, literally building upon the recent past. We do our best effort to push beyond the barriers to create something larger than ourselves. Through the kindness of strangers, the Upper Ninth Ward Musician’s Village has one more finished home and one happy drummer!
With proper care my artwork can remain as bright and beautiful as the day you got it for many, many years to come! Here's more information.
Framing and matting behind glass or plastic helps protect art. Until the artwork can be properly matted and framed, keep it between sheets of acid-free paper and avoid handling, as this could add unwanted fingerprints. Another reason to protect the print behind glass or plastic -- inkjet printing of any kind uses water based inks. Thus, these inks are NOT waterproof. Basically treat it as you would treat an original watercolor.
Extremes of light and temperature can hurt any work of art on paper. Bright light and high humidity have the worst effects on any print's longevity. Thus, definitely avoid storing prints in places like the basement, the attic, or the garage. The worst possible place for a print is in direct sunlight. The bright light in combination with heat (especially heat trapped behind glass) can really fade artwork quickly.
As with any work of fine art on paper, the matting and framing should be done in an archival manner, using acid free mat board. Your local frame shop will be able to help you with this... just make sure that they know what they're doing.
I hate to say it, but some places are so accustomed to framing items without archival concerns (like posters, family photos, and cheap lithographs), that the person on duty that day at your frame shop might not actually understand what you're asking for. I found all this out myself the hard way, by handing an ill-fated print to a certain frame shop without giving adequate instructions. Your print should definitely NOT be mounted (glued flat to a board). Also, make sure the frame shop knows that the ink used is water soluble, to help prevent any unfortunate accidents.
Gicleé-type (inkjet) digital printmaking has been an established artistic media for years now. The lightfast qualities of archival quality inks and paper result in an artwork that can last many decades before any noticeable fading occurs.
According to testing by the experts at Wilhelm Imaging Research, this particular combination of ink and paper can last 65 to 75 years without any noticeable fading. This is many decades more than what is expected for an original watercolor or even for some color photographs.
Mark McCormick, a preservation scientist for photo materials at the Smithsonian Institution, says that "Gicleé inks now are comparatively stable — more stable than many pastels or colored pencil works and more stable than many lithographs."
Draw circles around squares. Nothing angers a square more! They turn red, and then you blow them up.
GALAXY SIEGE 2ShootersBuild your spaceship and go out to space! Buy the upgrades and play one of the greatest space games, here for free. You may download the App from: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.air.galaxysiege2.myplayyard.comPlay
zombotron 2ShootersYou are stuck on a planet full of zombies (and other strange creatures). Lucky for you, you have an arsenal of weapons at your disposal.Play
Cactus McCoy 2ShootersThis is the sequel to Cactus McCoy that you have been waiting for! A chance meeting with Ella Windstorm, the last of the winged Volados, sends you on an epic treasure hunting journey. Can you survive an onslaught of new enemigos, wild bosses, and precision platforming on your way to the mythical Ruins of Calavera? Use new weapons and new stats to find Ella, and keep the Serpent Blade from the hands of Malana Mire.Play
bubblesshooterShootersThis is the must played bubble shooter version, you move the arrow with your mouse. Click to release the bubble. Make combinations of 3 or more bubbles to make them dissapear and score points. The more bubbles you shoot at once the more points you get. You win if all bubbles are shooted, if there are only a few lines left you can shoot away colors by making groups of the last balls.Play
Use the arrow keys to guide your square to the red square. Be careful you don't fall into space. Press the Space Bar to restart a level if you get stuck.
bubblesshooterLogical, OtherThis is the must played bubble shooter version, you move the arrow with your mouse. Click to release the bubble. Make combinations of 3 or more bubbles to make them dissapear and score points. The more bubbles you shoot at once the more points you get. You win if all bubbles are shooted, if there are only a few lines left you can shoot away colors by making groups of the last balls.Play
Around the world in 80 daysLogical, OtherDrive the piece to the bottom of the game field by getting rid of tiles under it and you will see it added to the item outline on the left. Complete the item as you travel around the world in the fastest time as you can.Play
Papa's CupcakeriaFor girls, For childrenPapa has a new restaurant that needs managing - this time a cupcakeria. Build and bake cupcakes and serve them to your customers.Play
PaladogFor girls, For childrenIn a far future, the mother earth has lost vitality due to overwhelming greed and selfishness of human. Not so long after, the gods eventually decide to annihilate the entire human race. Instead, critters have given intelligence to have a chance to establish their own civilization. They worshipped their creators and spent a millennium in peace. Different from human race, the critters were innocent, pure and peace loving creatures. Meanwhile the devils were struggling to find evil minds which once were full of and around when the earth was full of human. The devils, after all, decide to declare war on the critterland. Critters have long accustomed to peace. They seemed incapable to battle against the human undeads summoned from the hell by the devils and the fate of the nation seemed grim. At the very moment everyone was about to give up hope, one paladin arose from the dark to fight back for the peace of the critterland…. His name…. was… Paladog.Play
Papa's CheeseriaFor girls, For childrenPapa's Cheeseria is kicking off its opening night celebration with the high-energy band, Scarlett and the Shakers! Unfortunately, all their music gear has been stolen and the show is canceled. All that expensive equipment is going to take a lot of cash to replace. Good thing you've been hired to build gigantic Grilled Cheese sandwiches at Papa's Cheeseria. Take orders from Papa's ever-growing legion of loyal customers. Stack up the sandwiches at the Build Station using a dizzying array of breads, toppings, and of course... CHEESE! Cook the Grilled Cheese to perfection over at the Grill Station. Would you like fries with that? Of course!, So cook those french fries up fast at the Fry Station. Pile the fries up next to the Grilled Cheese on the plate, load the fries up with toppings, and send the finished order to your patiently waiting customer. New to the series are the unique Special Recipes. Once earned, you can use them for Daily Specials that your customers can order. Earn bonus rewards for serving specials and mastering each of the 40 Special Recipes!Play
JacksmithFor girls, For childrenJacksmith is the craftiest donkey in all the land. In Jacksmith, you are a blacksmith crafting a wide range of weapons for all of your warriors. Crafting weapons is completely hands-on. Choose your ore, choose your mold, melt it, pour it, construct it, and design it. Whether it's swords, bows, arrows, axes, or others things, you'll need skills and strategy to make the perfect weapon. After crafting, it's off to battle with your team of warriors. As they fight, you gather loot and man the cannons, and keep making progress towards the Great Wizard Dudley!Play
Dada Divas is joined by renowned Dutch vocalist/composer Jaap Blonk in a celebration of Dada's centenary, intermingling vignettes from Dada Divas with Dada sound poetry. With Jaap Blonk, Jacqueline Bobak, Carmina Escobar, and Meltem Ege.
Dada Divas caps off the celebratory two-week long Dada World Fair with a performance at the new Swissnex facility on San Francisco's Embarcadero. Performed by Jacqueline Bobak, Carmina Escobar, and Micaela Tobin. Directed by Cordelia Istel. Sound design by Mark Bobak.
A guerilla-like interruption in the middle of an event at San Francisco's Weinstein Gallery as part of the Dada World Fair. Featuring Jacqueline Bobak, Carmina Escobar, and Micaela Tobin in a short preview of the next evening's performance.
A "pop-up" performance at San Francisco's iconic City Lights Bookstore as part of the Dada World Fair. Featuring Micaela Tobin performing Jacqueline Bobak's Spawn of Fantasies, and a reading by the ghost of Mina Loy at this Dada Seance.
A "pop-up" performance at San Francisco's Mechanics' Institute Library and Chess Room as part of the Dada World Fair. Featuring Jacqueline Bobak, Carmina Escobar, and Micaela Tobin performing Bobak's Shuttle-cock and Battle-door on a text by Mina Loy.
The premiere of a new staging of Dada Divas at the XIII Festival Internacional Música Nueva in Monterrey, Mexico. Performed by Jacqueline Bobak, Carmina Escobar, and Micaela Tobin; directed by Cordelia Istel; with sound design by Mark Bobak.
Dada Divas Presents: RUBBISH—a student generated performance project—is a celebration of 100 years of Dada, bringing to light the neglected but brilliant and bizarre women of the Dada movement through the lens of the modern woman.
Dada Divas Presents: RUBBISH—a student generated performance at CalArts—is a celebration of 100 years of Dada, bringing to light the neglected but brilliant and bizarre women of the Dada movement through the lens of the modern woman.
A two-week intensive brainstorming and writing workshop, offered during the CalArts Interim session, for students involved in the Dada Divas Invade CalArts project. This workshop is designed for students to gather in a relaxed atmosphere and collaborate on imagining and creating the structure, form, and content of the spring 2016 Dada Divas Invade CalArts performance project.
A semi-staged preview performance and first phase of this experimental odyssey through the works and lives of Dada artists Emmy Hennings, Baroness Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven and Mina Loy. Featuring vocalists Jacqueline Bobak, Carmina Escobar, and Micaela Tobin, with sound design by Mark Bobak.
A concert presentation of some music featured in the initial phase of this experimental odyssey through the works and lives of Dada artists Emmy Hennings, Baroness Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven and Mina Loy. Featuring vocalists Jacqueline Bobak, Carmina Escobar, and Micaela Tobin, with sound design by Mark Bobak.
“Dada Divas: Then and Now” discusses the creative works, ideas, and lives of important female artists who were among the originators of the Dada movement: Emmy Hennings, Mina Loy, Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven, and others. The lecture illuminates historical and artistic contributions by women who have been overshadowed by their male counterparts, discusses some remarkable similarities in these artists’ lives, and comments on such larger issues as the status of women, emigrée life, war, and other concerns that are as relevant today as they were a hundred years ago.
“Dada Divas: A 100-Year Odyssey” discusses the creative works, ideas, and lives of important female artists such as Emmy Hennings, Mina Loy, and Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven, who were among the originators of the Dada movement. The lecture also traces how the music of Dada Divas—whose preview performance will be at the Orli Theater in Brno later this week—is developed from various aspects of these artists' lives and artistic movements with which they were associated, and how it relates their era to ours by incorporating such contemporary practices as noise, sound art, experimental music, and performance art.
I'm creating collections of stories for sale. I've already published "Through Starlight, Dying" (available here on this website, or through Amazon and other retailers. My future collections will be an introduction to my work as a whole. Each book will have its own theme. Stories will overlap, some f…
We are seeking a Board Certified Behavior Analyst to (BCBA) to provide clinical oversight and coordination for our Behavioral Treatment Services (BTS) program. Our BTS program serves children and adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorder and other developmental disabilities that impact communication, social skills, and behavioral functioning. This position offers an opportunity to work in a team environment where you will use your education, training and skills to supervise and train direct care staff, complete clinical assessments, oversee data collection/ analysis, drive treatment planning, offer parent education, and assist with program growth and development.
Family Preservation Services is committed to creating the best possible work environment for our team members and offers the following total rewards package (All benefits listed below are for full time employees):
Since our inception in 1992, Family Preservation Services (FPS) has been a leader and innovator in the development of community-based services here in the Commonwealth of Virginia. FPS is designed to meet the unique needs of each community through the integration and use of evidence based and trauma-informed practices.
As a leader in the area of mental health and behavioral health services, Family Preservation Services, with the support and collective expertise of our global parent company, Pathways will continue our commitment to promoting positive change in the individuals, families and communities we impact each day.
Pathways, or any of its subsidiaries, does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Pathways is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a Drug Free Workplace.
Pathways, previously Providence Human Services is one of the largest national providers of accessible, outcome-based behavioral and mental health services. Clients and partners of Providence Human Services can expect the same great service and offerings through Pathways, and we look forward to continuing to work together. At Pathways, we deliver exceptional value by creating healthier communities through the work of exceptional people. Our more than 8,000 employees provide the highest-quality home- and community-based social services and non-emergency transportation services in 44 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario, Canada. We proudly serve more than 54,000 unique clients and nearly 17 million individuals who qualify for services under our contracts. Pathways was founded in 1997 in response to increasing government initiatives to privatize human services. We describe ourselves as the “Human Services Company Without Walls” because we neither own nor operate any type of institution. Rather, we specialize in providing direct services and case management to children, adolescents and adults with behavioral and medical health needs, as wel...l as those supervised by government subsidized programs, in their homes or through community-based resources. Our programs are designed to be multi-jurisdictional; capable of serving numerous clients under government funded programs. Pathways offers a full spectrum of social service and behavioral health solutions, including Youth & Family Services, Adult Services, Correctional Services and Prevention Services. Within each area, clients have access to a broad range of social and behavioral services to meet their needs. Pathways provides a focused approach to managing the medical, behavioral and social needs of potentially high-cost healthcare consumers with chronic conditions and complex social challenges. Healthcare providers today are incentivized more than ever before to deliver the highest-quality, patient-centered care that results in optimal outcomes, reduced re-admissions and lower costs. Achieving the most efficient and effective model for accountable care benefits significantly from collaborating with the right service partners. Pathways is a subsidiary of Molina Healthcare, Inc.
Careers in Educomp Solutions Ltd - Jobs in Educomp Solutions Ltd - Current openings in Educomp Solutions Ltd
Educomp is the largest Education Company in India and the only company spread across the entire education ecosystem. From schools to skills; Educomp group empowers over 22.8 million learners and educators across ~34,500 schools to imagine, think and create a better future. Our presence in each of the education verticals is marked with technology-enabled products, high quality people, structured processes and entrepreneurial leadership, that come together to deliver unmatched value. From pre-school toddlers to post graduate students, from Read More »
The #INSEAD report affirms our belief that vocation education must be woven seamlessly into school education@HRDMinistry
Robert Lemos is an award-winning freelance journalist who has covered information security, cybercrime and technology's impact on society for almost two decades. A former research engineer, he's written for Ars Technica, CNET, eWEEK, MIT Technology Review, Threatpost and ZDNet. He won the prestigious Sigma Delta Chi award from the Society of Professional Journalists in 2003 for his coverage of the Blaster worm and its impact, and the SANS Institute's Top Cybersecurity Journalists in 2010 and 2014.
DAILY VIDEO: SDC 2018: Samsung is innovating in folding phones, IoT and mobile UX; and users will stop engaging with brands after data breaches, a report finds.
Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and flexibility while extending industry-leading reliability and uptime.
- Patrols school facilities and grounds to prevent disruptive or illegal actions, access to restricted areas, theft or vandalism on an assigned or rotating shift.
- Performs a variety of assignments which can require being in a fixed location or a mobile unit or being exposed to uncontrolled and/or unpredictable conditions.
- Valid license to operate a motor vehicle at the time of the appointment and during the tenure of employment;
- Current Act 34 and FBI Clearances as required by the laws of Pennsylvania, and any other clearances that may be required by law.
As a part time SPO with US Security Care you will receive paid training and sick time, free HR-218 yearly recertification and 401K.
Whether you’re a professional scuba diver or a newbie who just wants to try out scuba, the UAE offers a rich and exotic underwater world. Spot some baby sharks or barracudas as you explore the reefs and islands on the east coast. It is better to opt for a yacht tour to Fujairah to enjoy stunning seascapes.
Brainstorm — the UAE's first and only knowledge digest — has been conceived keeping in mind the demand for a factual, unbiased guide to give direction to the world's future pillars. Our endeavour is to provide correct information on all aspects of career and education.
Hence, in an effort to address the needs of a young, energetic, enthusiastic generating, Brainstorm aims at branding itself as a friend, philosopher and guide to both students and the academia as a whole.
Get all latest content delivered to your email a few times a month. Updates and news about all categories will send to you.
Epilepsy is a neurological disorder characterized by repeated seizures over time. When a person has two or more unprovoked seizures, they are considered to have Epilepsy. There are many different types of seizures, lasting from a few seconds to a few minutes, effecting various levels of consciousness, motor activity & control.
The material on this site is for information & support purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice provided by a licensed health care provider. Always consult your doctor before trying anything that you find online.
Eliane Tapes is a new series on Moving Furniture Records. All the music in this series is dedicated and/or inspired by the works of Éliane Radigue.
With her groundbreaking work already in the late '60s and early '70s Éliane Radigue created a path for many other musicians in the field of minimalism and drone music.
To celebrate the amazing work she has done (and still does), we ask musicians to create works that are inspired by her work and as such are a dedication to her.
For Retroactions, Kassel Jaeger created "studies" trying to extend the gesture Éliane Radigue did with feedbacks, with a different and more "hi-fi" setup than the one she used at the time.
In 4 studies, he experiments with different feedback setups: controlled, non-controlled, processed and non-processed. He worked with 6 microphones and 10 speakers, feedbacks.
The University of Michigan Health System (UMHS), located in Ann Arbor, includes three hospitals (C.S. Mott Children’s Hospital, University Hospital, and Women’s Hospital), approximately 30 community health centers, more than 120 out....
You are trying to access a resource only available to AHIMA members. Join today to have full access to everything in the BoK, take advantage of all the benefits of AHIMA membership, and become part of a network of more than 103,000 health information management professionals strong.
Government intends to accept the resignation of Jagnarine Singh, General Manager of the Guyana Rice Development Board (GRDB) and replace the entire board of the regulatory body, says Minister of the Presidency, Joseph Harmon.
Harmon shared that government is planning a review of the entire board, after which the current board will be removed and a new one will be established.
Harmon said that those decisions were taken by Cabinet after it was briefed on the composition of the GRBD and the actual management of the rice sector.
“We were advised that…Mr. Jagnarine, that he indicated his desire to demit office and we will accept his resignation and wish him well,” Harmon told members of the press during the weekly post-Cabinet briefing. Singh has been criticised by members of the sector working with millers to the detriment of rice farmers.
Harmon says that Cabinet is now of the view that “the additional sums of money which we have to pay on the shipment of rive to Venezuela, that we should apply a formula as we did for sugar.”
“We will not be putting the monies into the hands of the people who have been there and directing it to all different types of projects,” the minister said Wednesday.
He further noted that there is no adequate explanation as to why the sector has been managed the way it has been over the last several years.
“I don’t believe we can give any proper explanation to the Guyanese people if you are to just continue pumping money into the hands of people who have been spending it without giving any proper explanations.”
He said that “the present governance in the rice sector will not put their hands on,” whatever new funds are pumped into the rice sector. As a result, the entire board, he indicated, will have to be removed.
“We will review the board and then we will get rid f this one and out a new one. We’re not taking one man and putting him back there and reshuffling…we have to get a board that reflects our perception as to what is credible, what is transparent, and what is in the best interest of the sector,” Harmon said.
Finance Minister Winston Jordan is next week expected to lead a team to Venezuela to negotiate a new PetroCaribe deal ahead of the current one in another four months.
Harmon said that Jordan informed Cabinet yesterday that “he will be leading a team to Venezuela early next week on the continued negotiations for the PetroCaribe deal and that in that delegation will be a strong representation from the rice sector on selling rice to Venezuela, and to inquire as to the possibility of the extension of the present arrangement which come to an end in October in 2015.”
Under the PetroCaribe deal with Venezuela Guyana is permitted to purchase oil at lower than world-market prices. Furthermore, Guyana has been allowed to pay just 10 – 15 percent of the oil cost at the time of buying, with the remainder to be paid over a generous period. That had allowed Guyana to accumulate the savings from the transactions in a fund which was to be used to, among other things, pay rice famers for their produce.
The agreement also enables Guyana to pay for oil from its South American neighbour with its rice exports.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new articles by email.
By far the most important advantage is that manual translation of claims of confidentiality. In most cases, people are using the translation service to translate the private e-mails or legal documents. Now if the machine translation of all time, file corruption or deletion can cause incorrect result translation. Or anyone willing to save his private correspondence on any computer, then, keep the ethics in this profession manual translation can be trusted. Although the processing speed of machine translation can be high, but the manual version increases the chances of syntax or grammar errors is greater. Sometimes it may be more appropriate to choose a manual of translation for certain jobs. For example, if the content is translated in the repetition contains the text itself, will be particularly taken into account and translation of the manual, you can have a better result.
Big Mens Clothing Near Me Fresh Diy How to Slim & Shorten Suit Trousers, picture size 1920x1080 posted by admin at March 7, 2017
Lovely Big Mens Clothing Near Me Graphics Image Source by youtube.com – From the thousands of images on the net in relation to big mens clothing near me, picks the very best series having greatest image resolution exclusively for you, and now this pictures is actually one of pictures collections in our greatest pictures gallery with regards to Lovely Big Mens Clothing Near Me Graphics. I’m hoping you might want it. This specific picture (Big Mens Clothing Near Me Fresh Diy How to Slim &amp; Shorten Suit Trousers) previously mentioned can be classed using: big and tall mens clothing near me,big mens clothing melbourne,big mens clothing melbourne australia,big mens clothing melbourne cbd,big mens clothing near me,big mens clothing stores near me,men s big and tall clothing near me, placed by admin with 2017-03-07 16:21:49. To see just about all photos throughout Lovely Big Mens Clothing Near Me Graphics photos gallery make sure you abide by this kind of website link. The Brilliant in addition to Attractive big mens clothing near me for Invigorate Your house Found Property Inviting DesireHousehold
Disclaimer : Some images of this blog were found on the web. If you find a picture that should not be there please contact me at antapa@libero.it and the picture in question will be immediately removed. Thank you
A powerful journey with setbacks and disappointments along the road from abuse, depression, love, struggles, stalking and 'Still I Rise', in the words of Maya Angelou.
There is something to appeal to both sexes. Men have an understanding of emotions that women encounter in their lives. I feel the claim that ' Men are from Mars' and 'Women are from Venus' is correct, due to a lack of understanding between the two sexes. I think this book bridges that gap. I have had reviews from men claiming that they have not had familiarity, but they have been close to women who have experienced it. Therefore, they have reached a better understanding of the problems.
Blog Archive November (1) June (1) May (3) April (1) March (2) February (3) January (3) December (37)
After a long hiatus Brett Kelley from BK Endeavors is back in the studio! You read that right, by the way. No Skype this time. He's actually here in person!
Joe is back in the studio and this week he brought his Wii U! After a few hours of playing we sat down and put our thoughts into our microphones for you to enjoy.
We kept it relatively simple this week with the only other topic focusing on sex/violence in videogames and the reaction it causes.
It's the return of Justin with our friend Jesse this week! Jesse is a hardcore gamer who also shares a love for comics like the rest of us. We're pumped to have him and Justin in the studio for some intense videogame chatter.
We're back this week with a new guest! Ryan is a fellow nerd who has a deep appreciation for all things geek. Needless to say, he fit in with us just fine.
This week we were finally able to get both Colin and Zach in the studio for one of the most anticipated episodes to date.
As you can probably guess; we spent the entire episode discussing the convention. Really not much else to say about the episode besides the fact that former OMV host Justin and frequent guest host Brett both joined us this week!!! It’s been a whopping 22 episodes since Justin has been on and it was like he never left. Huge thanks to both of them!
Be sure to tune in next week as we’ll be back to talking about our usual nerd related topics. There is so much to talk about you won’t want to miss it!
Huge thanks to Vicky for stopping in and getting her nerd on. Alex and I can sometimes run away with topics on huge nerd rants but she kept up with ease!
We’re going to be at the New York Comic Con this weekend so be sure to keep your eyes peeled for some new videos on our YouTube page from the show! Check us out at OMVPodcast on youtube.com.
Big thanks to Colin for making his 4th appearance and also handling introduction duties for the first time!
-The weekly question: When has someone introduced us to something new that completely hooked us from the start?
Colin Vigneault was our special guest for the third time this week and discussed topics with us including:
-The recent “virus” spreading through The World of Warcraft close to the anniversary of a similar event that happened 7 years ago.
Be sure to tune in next week for episode 28! New York Comic Con is right around the corner and we’ll have much to discuss in the upcoming weeks!
While you’re enjoying episode 25 be sure to like us on Facebook at facebook.com/opinionsmayvary, Follow us on Twitter @OMVPodcast and check us out on YouTube!
This week we discussed the latest news in the land of Rob Liefeld…The man never ceases to amaze us but I guess we should thank him seeing as he consistently gives us things to talk about!
Also we touch on the uproar the cover of Justice League #12 has caused. Is it a fling?? Is it legit?? Is it even worth the uproar it has caused????
Lastly we take a page from our friend Ryan out in Washington who gave us the idea of discussing video games that have been made into movies and we use the weekly question to pick our favorites!
Colin joined us this week to discuss the New 52: One Year Later, The Playstation All Stars Battle Royale Beta, Daredevil and the recent news about the movie rights, and of course the weekly question!
We’re pumped to have Colin back this week. His excitement for recording rejuvenates us tired old men and he always keeps us on our toes with spur-of-the-moment questions and outside the box thinking. Big thanks to him for joining us again!
It seems every time Joe stops by we always end up talking about video games and today was no exception! Tonight we focused on video game production, our favorite childhood games and even spent some time reminiscing about when arcades actually existed back in the day. If you’re a gamer (and if you’re a fan of Valve) this is the perfect episode for you!
On a serious note, we are very sad to hear about the passing of comic legend Joe Kubert today. The man was an inspiration to many and the comic world has lost a true hero. Opinions May Vary sends condolences to the Kubert family for their loss. RIP Mr. Kubert.
Thanks again to Joe for stopping by the studio and be sure to check us out on Twitter and YouTube @OMVPodcast! We’re a bit new to the sites but don’t worry…plenty of content will soon be crammed down your faces.
The ever amazing Brett Kelley joined us this week for our most intense episode to date; The Super Duper Opinionated “Ragefeld” Episode…..*cue the scary music*
In other words, we talked about Rob Liefeld….a lot…pretty much for the whole episode. But don’t worry; we didn’t skip the weekly question. This week we drew some inspiration from our friends over at The Geek League of America and discussed who we thought the most overrated characters in comics/movies are.
Big thanks to everyone over at the Geek League for helping us out with our question this week. Check them out at www.geekleagueofamerica.com and on Facebook!
Also big thanks to Brett for joining us yet again! If there were ever an award for “Most Reliable Co-Host” Brett would win it easily!
Our special guests this week were local nerds Michelle and John. They took some time to give us their opinions on Kickstarter, the new Hobbit movies, and of course the weekly question!
This week’s question focused on what character you’d like to see spread across all mediums. For example: What if Ryan Reynolds was in your favorite television show….as Hal Jordan? Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne in The Big Bang Theory? The possibilities are mind boggling!
Once again we’d like to thank John and Michelle for making their way out and spending some time with us. It is always good to see new faces and hear new opinions and they definitely didn’t disappoint us!
Brett Kelley and Joe were both kind enough to join us this week for another episode of Opinions May Vary!
The discussion starts with some intense talk about MC Chris and the recent events that took place in Philadelphia and on the internet. Of course, we also took some time to talk about The Dark Knight Rises and our own various opinions of the movie (SPOILER ALERT!!) and finally we answered the weekly question about deaths in books/comics/movies etc.
Big thanks to Joe and Brett for helping us out yet again! You guys always make every episode fun and entertaining and we hope all the listeners agree!
Somehow we were able to rise from our post MC Chris slumber and record an awesome episode 18! This week our good friend Colin was generous enough to join us despite being just as exhausted as we were.
Exciting news! Brett Kelley was able to join us again via Skype to help us announce the winner of our special 1,000th download giveaway! Last week we gave you all information on how to win a custom Brett Kelley sketch and after putting all the names in a hat we were able to draw our winner! We’re crazy excited to contact them and see what they want Brett to draw. Thanks to everyone who took part in our giveaway. Hopefully there will be many more to come!
Aside from giving away amazing Brett art we also took some time this week to talk about the San Diego Comic Con, Ron Perlman and his amazing contribution to Make A Wish, and of course; the weekly question!
Big thanks to Brett for joining us again and also for volunteering to help us out with our contest! This show just wouldn’t be the same without that Kelley charm!
Brett Kelley is back for episode 16 to join us for some intense nerd discussion on the upcoming MC Chris/Powerglove show, the original art depicting the recent gay marriage from Marvel selling on eBay, and the big question regarding nerd themed tattoos.
We also have some very exciting news regarding the 1,000th download giveaway! If you want to be the proud owner of your own original Brett Kelley sketch, be sure to listen carefully once we wrap up our discussion about tattoos! You only have until next Sunday July 8th, 2012 so be sure to download and listen to this episode asap so you can learn how to enter the contest!
The one and only Joe joined us again this week to discuss the latest news from E3, our favorite gaming moments, and the weekly question: When have you ever been embarassed by your nerd-dom/geek-dom?
If you're into videogames you won't want to miss this episode! The news from E3 was....a bit lackluster but we're still excited to say the least! With games like Halo 4 and Borderlands 2 coming soon how could we not be??
As always, be sure to check us out on Facebook at facebook.com/opinionsmayvary and keep an eye out for a giveaway in celebration of our 1,000th download! As a prize we're going to be giving a lucky listener a piece of Brett Kelley original art!....We just need to figure out how to give it away first...No worries though....We'll figure it out...soon....ish....
We have exciting news! Our good friend Will Munro was able to join us this week for some discussion on acting, the recent events in the newest Green Lantern story arc, this week's Big Question and even had a question of his own for us! We've been dying to have Will on for weeks now and we're thrilled he was finally able to join us for some nerd chat!
Remember: If you like what you hear be sure to visit us on Facebook at facebook.com/opinionsmayvary and give us some likes! Also check us out in iTunes and give us the 5 stars and let us know how we're doing!
Thanks again to Will for taking time out of his schedule to join us this week. We can't wait to have him on again!
Join us this week for lucky number 13 as we discuss the latest news on the World War Z movie, Before Watchmen and answer the weekly question! Remember, if you have your own answer for the weekly question be sure to hit us up on Facebook and let us know! Check us out at facebook.com/opinionsmayvary!
Also, we'd like to give a huge thank you to Brett Kelley for once again taking the time to join us via Skype. Be sure to check out all of his incredible work on BK Endeavours!
Thanks to some incredible advancements in technology Mr. Brett Kelley was able to join us for this episode all the way from the cape via Skype! Justin is away helping out a friend in Maine and luckily Brett was more than willing to help us out!
This week we discussed the recent news on the Javits Center in New York City, the "zombie" attacks happening throughout the country, and what it would be like to own a movie prop from some of our favorite movies.
Also we went into uncharted territory this week and talked about some of our favorite musical artists who are coming to town. By the way, if you've never heard MC Chris, Powerglove, or Steam Powered Giraffe then you need to get onto iTunes immediately and check them out!
Once again we'd like to send a huge thank you to Brett for helping us ou this week. Our butt's were saved yet again! Be sure to check out BK Endeavours on deviantart and blogspot!
Until next time, check us out on Facebook at facebook.com/opinionsmayvary or in iTunes and be sure to rate and subscribe! See you all next week!
This week we have the ever reliable Joe back with us while Justin takes some time off. Joe was kind enough to stop by last minute after we had some scheduling conflicts with Mr. Brett Kelley but no worries, Brett will be on asap!
After briefly touching on the leaked identity of the DC character announcing their homosexuality, we took the rest of the episode to discuss our various guilty pleasures when it comes to comics, movies/tv, and videogames. It is pretty safe to say our responses were interesting to say the least.
If you have your own responses be sure to let us know what they are on our Facebook page! Go to facebook.com/opinionsmayvary and give us your guilty comic/movie/tv/videogame pleasures!
Once again we'd like to give a huge thank you to Joe for dropping by on such short notice. You saved our butts yet again!
Anyways....Justin is off this week to get some much needed R&R so we brought in our good friend Joe to discuss this week's topics with us!
Join us this week as we discuss DC Comics' recent announcement that they are going to be making one of their heroes a homosexual. Will it affect the fanbase? Will it bring in new customers? Who is it going to be????
The question of the week was a simple yet deep one: Who is your ultimate fanboy character. Meaning what character do you go crazy for regardless of story or artist? What character will you ALWAYS stand by even during tough times?
Next is some talk about videogames. We haven't discussed videogames much and Joe thought it was a subject that needed to be touched on seeing as he and Jr have been playing them together for probably over a decade. Needless to say he was definitely right. What kind of nerds are we if we don't even talk videogames???
Closing the show is some talk about webcomics. All of us are huge fans of webcomics and we took some time to discuss our favorite popular and more unknown comics. Which ones are your favorite? Be sure to check them out for some quick 3 panel hilarity.
Also be sure to check us out on Facebook at facebook.com/opinionsmayvary and keep your ears to the ground for news on Joe's podcast which will hopefully be launching soon!
We're finally back after a slight delay due to a pesky case of the stomach bug rampaging through the studio. No worries though, we pulled it together and got your weekly fix of OMV ready for listening pleasure!
This week we kick it off with some Avengers box office updates. Will they be able to topple Avatar?? We certainly hope so...
Also, we took some time this week to touch on the latest television renewals. Should The Office be put down? Is 30 Rock getting stale? Can anyone touch Community?? Comic Book Men??? Seriously??
We follow the television talk with the weekly question: What comic/tv show did you enjoy most that was cut off early and what comic/tv show do you think should have quit while it was ahead? Be sure to tell us what you think on our facebook page! www.facebook.com/opinionsmayvary.
Lastly we end with Alex telling us about his recent trip to the land of Steampunk and his upcoming return to Boston for the Zombie March! Silly Alex. Always "involving" himself with "fun activities".
Anyways...we're glad we were finally able to get the episode done and we hope it pleases your ears to the fullest extent.
The Avengers came out this weekend and we saw it...so, of course we are going to talk about it. If you haven't seen The Avengers yet I recommend skipping ahead to about 30 minutes into the episode to try to avoid any major spoilers. You have been warned!!
Aside from that, enjoy some Free Comic Book Day chat, the question of the week discussing who we'd love to see engage in battle on the big screen and Alex took some time to talk about his recent outing during the Run For Your Lives 5k in Boston, Mass.
Oh, and be sure to listen for a special unexpected guest caller who had just got out of The Avengers and had some questions for Justin. I'll give you a hint: He's kind of a legend in Western Mass.
We hope you enjoy the episode and be sure to check us out on facebook at facebook.com/opinionsmayvary. Oh, and if you still haven't seen The Avengers, do yourself a favor and see it. You can thank us later!
Just hours before we were set to record this week's episode, the one and only Brett Kelley showed up and we didn't hesitate to ask him to make a 2nd appearance on our show!
This week we took a break from comics to discuss the summer movie madness that is about to ensue. Join us as we weigh in on some of the ones we're most excited for and some that probably shouldn't have been made in the first place...
Once again we'd like to give a huge thank you to Brett for joining us especially when he has to drive 3+ hours home tonight. Be sure to check out BK Endeavors on Blogspot and Deviant Art. His work is absolutely incredible.
This week's episode is a special one as we had our very good friend Jon York as a special guest! Jon is visiting us from Florida and was kind enough to be a part of our Post-Boston Comic Con episode. He added great insight and humor that only Jon could provide and we were pumped to have him on the show!
As I said before, this episode is all about the recent Boston Comic Con and all the experiences we had so be sure to get comfortable, be ready to laugh, and enjoy!
Thanks again to Jon for taking time out of his busy vacation schedule to record with us. New England isn't the same without you, Jon!
This week is special as we are going to be attending the Boston Comic Con this coming Saturday so we decided to dedicate the entire episode to the convention.
We start out with some basic convention info. Who we're excited to see, what we're looking forward to and such.
We continue with a topic we've been eager to discuss since we started this project: The Do's and Dont's of attending a convention. With years of experience under our collective belts we've gained a knowledge of Comic Conventions and we took some time to share our thoughts on some issues.
We follow with the question of the week: Our personal best/worst moments of conventions past. The answers are interesting to say the least...
Finally we finish up with the inevitable "dud sketch" discussion. As with every sketch comes a level of risk. Every now and then...you're going to get a dud. Listen in as we talk about some of our past duds and how to avoid getting one of your own.
That about wraps up the Boston Comic Con episode. Be sure to tune in next week and join us for our post-convention discussion. Also, we're going to have a very special guest with us: Mr. Jon York! It is going to be a great time and you won't want to miss it!
This week we dive right into comics with some Avengers vs. X-Men discussion. Can Marvel make its way back to the top of the comic charts??
Next, we take some time to discuss the first comics we ever read/the comic that got us in to reading comics. Be warned....we definitely date ourselves with our answers...
Finally we wrap it up with the latest news on the original art from Walking Dead #2 selling on eBay and touch on what art we've purchased/what we're anxious to buy but might not be able to afford...
Be sure to join us next week for the Boston Comic Con special! With the convention right around the corner we're going to take some time to discuss what we're most excited for plus a few tips on what to do and not to do at conventions. Always remember: Don't be that guy!!
Also, big shout out to Riley Stark for designing our logo for us! Her work is amazing. Be sure to check her out on Facebook and Deviant Art.
Welcome back to another episode of Opinions May Vary, the show that always satisfies but somehow leaves you longing for more.
This week we discuss the Walking Dead season 3 finale aftermath, CGC graded comics, our personal dream sketches from our favorite artists and we even give our predictions on the upcoming Wrestlemania event!
As always, we hope you enjoy and be sure to tune in next week as we'll have the one and only Brett Kelley from BK Endeavors joining us as a special guest!
If you're a fan of comics, videogames, movies and everything that goes with them you've come to the right place.
Silent Stanzas is a unique classic movie blog devoted to poetry, photographs, and anecdotes about silent film. Here's a reprint from Avalon76's poem about Douglas Fairbanks:
This is one unique site that devoted to classic movies to poetry, photographs, and anecdotes about the film. My father was very fond of classic film and he has several collections of classic movies on the shelf. Usually, he's watching movies like this every weekend at home using a projector.
The Classic Movie Blog Association (CMBA) was founded in 2009. An organization of bloggers whose purpose is to promote and celebrate classic movies, CMBA does this mainly by organizing and promoting classic film blogathons, establishing quality standards in blogging, recognizing classic movie blogging excellence, and supporting its members. Prospective members are approved by a vote of the current membership upon application, which occurs quarterly. Application information can be accessed by clicking here.
Forbidden Divas: All the Way to the Bank - Met up with David Melville Wingrove at Filmhouse yesterday — it was like one of those spy movie handovers of documents — and thus am able to bring you anot...
Noir Nook: Elisha Cook Jr. - Noir Nook: Elisha Cook I recently appeared on a podcast hosted by Carl over at the Movie Palace; the topic was film noir, and one of the questions focused ...
A Favorite PHOTO - Sometimes we just like to share one of our favorite photos with our readers. You know who that is above, and the orchids give you a clue as to the characte...
Did Howard deflower Carole? A new book's author isn't sure - Were Carole Lombard and Howard Hughes -- two respective icons linked by the film industry -*- lovers*? For more than four decades, many Lombard fans hav...
Expanded Distribution for Kidnapped: A Complete 1917 Night at the Movies - I’m on vacation but I wanted to drop a quick note to let you know that my DVD release of Kidnapped (1917) and its accompanying short films now has expanded...
Ivanhoe ( 1952 ) - Sir Walter Scott's 1819 epic medieval novel "Ivanhoe" was brought to the big screen in 1952 as a gorgeous Technicolor adaptation released through Metro-Go...
Announcing The Ava Gardner Blogathon - After toying with the idea for a while now, I have decided that I want to try and host one more blogathon this year. The subject for the last 2018 blogatho...
A hopeless song of love for Louise Brooks - Here are two version of the Louise Brooks inspired song, "Hopeless." The first is a video by Stuart Pound to a recording by the UK band Evangelista. The so...
His Girl Friday (1940) - Hildy Johnson (Rosalind Russell) was the star reporter on *The Morning Post*, the newspaper edited by her former husband, Walter Burns (Cary Grant). Burns...
Absolutely Sweet Marie - Fickle Gertie Darling (Marie Prevost) is returning from a French vacay and, as a title card tells us, “wherever she went she brought back something.” That...
Mrs. Miniver (1942) - “He’s young and he loves life, but he may die — any day, any hour.” Synopsis: A British mother (Greer Garson) copes with the stress of her husband (Walter ...
Gramercy Park Barbara - Jessica (Barbara Stanwyck) and Brandon Bourne (James Mason) appear to be a successful, happily married couple. They dine weekly with Jessie's mother Nora ...
The Hat with Many Surprises (1901) - This short film from Georges Méliès plays on the classic magician’s act of pulling things (no rabbits, in this case) out of a silk hat. It reflects his inc...
small writing desk with hutch white wood for spaces nesting grace australia,small writing desk with drawers old for sale name printers pottery barn,small writing desks for sale cheap desk with drawers white no hutch target,small writing desk walmart black with hutch modern computer drawer stylish target white,small white writing desk with drawers office computer for spaces hutch crossword clue,writing desk small with storage compartments and drawers crossword,small writing desk walmart with drawer l mid century teak desks danish modern vanity black,south shore small computer desk in pure black writing with drawers crossword clue cheap and chair antique white,small white wood writing desk with file drawer cheap drawers black,small writing desk with drawers crossword clue makeover milk paint kitchen scale lost found desks for sale old.
Best Signs, Inc. in Medford Oregon has been producing the best quality sign and vehicle graphics for over 30 years. We take pride in the work we do. Best Signs is Southern Oregon's oldest sign company. We take care of our customers with quality, affordable work at the best prices. For your next sign project please give us a try. You will be happy you did.
Dead Island Riptide Crash On Startup Windows is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Island Reise M Ef Bf Bdrz is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
THREE young men from Camden were stabbed within a few hours this weekend, with one 20-year-old pronounced dead at the scene of a knife attack.
Kwasi Anim-Boadu, from Camden Town, was stabbed to death in Finsbury Park, Islington, at around 3am on Saturday. It is believed he was attending a house party on the Andover Estate.
A 21-year-old man, also from Camden Town, was found suffering stab wounds nearby. He was taken to hospital, before being released and charged with possession of an offensive weapon.
Shortly before 11pm a 15-year-old boy was stabbed by two people who “arrived and left the scene on a moped,” police said.
The family of Mr Anim-Boadu, who was known as “Junior” and “Lavish”, have launched a fundraising drive to pay for his funeral.
His sister, Naya, said: “Kwasi was a young boy who was full of life, he brought joy to everyone around him through his conspicuous smile and heart warming aura. He was to turn 21 in May and had his whole life ahead of him. This has now come to an end.”
Actor Letitia Wright, who starred in hit movie Black Panther and is a friend of Mr Anim-Boadu’s sister, tweeted on Saturday: “This is getting closer and closer to home. Seriously this b.s needs to stop.”
The deaths of 19-year-old Lewis Blackman, 17-year-old Abdikarim Hassan and 20-year-old Sadiq Aadam within the space of two days in February led to a series of hastily-arranged public meetings and a new commitment from politicians to reducing knife violence.
Hundreds of people joined an anti-knife crime march from Queen’s Crescent, through Kentish Town and Camden Town, led by the mother of Sadiq Aadam, under the banner “Camden Against Violence”.
Knife crime continued unabated last month, with police recording 15 victims across Camden and Islington. Ten victims were aged 24 and under, with four under the age of 18, according to figures obtained by the New Journal.
Camden Against Violence, which was set up by Reene Horsford and Elaine Donnellon after February’s knife attacks, said it was “heartbroken to hear of more violence this weekend with the loss of life or a young man who had his whole life in front of him”.
They said that charities and organisations such as themselves required “volunteers and members of the community to step forward and support young people and their families”.
They added: “This will not be solved overnight or without a joined up public health and community led approach”
Go around the world in one memorable evening and immerse yourself in 3 legendary stories set in China, Japan and Spain.
Powerful and passionate performances turn awe-inspiring acrobatics, kungfu, memorable music, puppetry, breakdancing, tap, ballet, salsa, flamenco, even free-running into one fast and furious all-action high-energy emotional roller-coaster.
TriOperas is a veritable feast for all the senses. Guaranteed to be the best night out for you and all the family.
TERMS & CONDITIONS: 4 x prizes to be won. Each prize consists of a pair of tickets to see TriOperas at the Peacock Theatre. Prize is valid for use between Thursday 24 May and Sunday 10 June, excluding Friday and Saturday evening performances, strictly subject to availability. Prize is non-transferable and there are no cash alternatives. Travel is not included.
Главная > Обзоры рынков > Смежная продукция > Исследование рынка стоматологических установок в России
Ideally the moving assembly behavior must be the same in positive and negative excursions. To provide this attribute correctly depends on the magnetic circuit design but also on the suspension system characteristics.
Our tool for achieving a symmetric movement pattern is the MMSS Technology, which provides to our engineers a complete set of components with their parameters in long excursion terms.
- Higher power handling capacity. The thermal limit is effectively reduced, allowing the voice coil to work 80ºC below comparing to our previous thermal circuit.
- Reduced power compression losses, which allows to keep the final SPL (Sound Pressure Level) in more constant values within a working period.
- More stable and linear behaviour of the moving assembly in long excursions thanks to the new system design, reducing offset issues commonly related to asymmetries in non-linear components (mainly Bl(x), L(x) and Kms(x)).
- Dynamic response. The efficiency of the HELICEX® system allows to use 5” or 4” voice coil diameter (depending on model), which means lower Mms values and better control of the moving assembly compared to other systems and comparable products available nowadays, as well as lower overall weights of the speaker because of an optimized dimensioning of the mechanical assembly.
Delivers a stronger joint between the dome and the former of the voice coil and so a better behaviour with high power handling and long periods of working.
In the subjective field, which is also a relevant part in the Beyma development process, in our opinion it brings a more natural sound when comparing it with other polyesters.
To provide this attribute correctly depends on the magnetic circuit design but also on the suspension system characteristics.
In Beyma we face the problem of heat dissipation with a clear goal in mind: the speaker must deliver the best performance in the system in a consistent and reliable way, maximizing the total SPL and keeping it stable.
It is well known how the overall SPL of a system suffers a drop after some time working due to the power compression effect in the speakers.
It is also known the bigger the voice coil diameter the lower the power compression and the higher the power capacity, but this also means bigger motor structures to obtain high sensitivity from the transducer.
The latest cooling technology that we deliver to the Professional Audio market through our new speakers, bring together several solutions to meet our goal; in one side allows the woofer to handle bigger rates of power with a given coil diameter, so we can think in smaller coil designs with smaller motor structure, reducing the weight but increasing the sensitivity and also keeping an adequate power handling figure for a target application.
Products like the 18PW1400Fe, 21PW1400Fe or the unique 12MC500 are designed following that concept; models that even with a ceramic magnet structure, feature high sensitivity, an increased power capacity and performance comparable to bigger coil designs with neodymium motor structures.
The increase of temperature in a pleated diaphragm strains every fold, limiting the electrical power it can handle.
The target of Xbow Technology is to open as much as possible the constraint in the diaphragm, allowing it to manage higher temperature rates and so increasing the limit of the power it can handle.
The Path to an Organized Tomorrow: Organizing Small Spaces – File Systems (Together is not always Better)
When space is limited, workspaces must be as functional as possible. Although it seems contrary to the principles of organization, it may make sense not to keep your files together in one place in order to maximize functionality.
My workspace does double duty as my home office and my crafting area. It is also in the living room, so I like it to be presentable (at least most of the time). I have a nice looking, large two-drawer filing cabinet that also provides a home at working height for my paper storage and storage for the tools I use regularly when I do crafts. But when I needed some extra space to store some larger crafting tools, I looked sideways at the filing cabinet and wondered how much space I could clear.
I was amazed when I could comfortably empty an entire drawer with the files that rarely get accessed. Most of these were tax or work related records that I need to access only about once a year. The space is much better served by moving these files to boxes under the bed and giving some awkward larger tools a convenient home out of site.
[Siddartha] felt that he now regarded Vasudeva as the people regarded the gods and that this could not last. Inwardly, he began to take leave of Vasudeva.
When will a major movie producer take the plunge, and release a blockbuster movie completely free on the internet, using product placement alone to pay all the bills?
With file sharing such a perceived problem by the industry, it seems an obvious approach. Share all you want--the more people that see the movie, the happier your advertisers.
"Care for a drink?" He smells. He's slouching on a couch, next to a liqour cabinet. It's mid-morning.
"Oh, I see you're not interested.. hmm.. well." He turns his attention to his mostly-empty glass of whiskey, turning it in his hand. Then he looks at the bottle in his other hand. Suddenly he perks up.
"Ah! I have just the thing." He downs the remainder of his glass and opens the cabinet. "Nothing beats this one. An old classic." The bottle is another whiskey, which he promptly pours into his glass and a fresh one.
"Let me let you in on a little secret," his voice lowers. "This bottle never runs out. And it never gives you a hangover! I don't always drink it, because.. I don't know.. it just seems too good to be true. But I always drink it on special occasions, or around special people."
He brightens and speaks loudly again. "Here ya go. Drink up!" He belches, drinks, belches again. "Whew! Nothing beats it. This is paradise, you know. It doesn't get any better than this."
A group of women are gathered around a round table. They are drinking tea and eating cake. They are dressed up.
One of the women is telling a story to the others: "--and *he* was wearing his bathrobe, right there at the party! Oh, how funny! And his poor wife was so embarassed that she--" she continues on, making small-talk which seems to entertain her and the others to no end.
"What could be more wonderful than to be always surrounded by friends? And there are always parties to go to!" She beams at the other women. They respond with picture-perfect smiles of adoration and jealousy.
She whispers: "It's always been like this, and I just know it always will be! Everyone wishes they were me. That's because I'm so beautiful, and social. And it all comes naturally to me, I have never had to try!"
He is sitting on the floor, cross-legged, meditating. His breath is slow, deep, even, and controlled. His body is lean, hard, yet relaxed.
"I have studied from all the masters. I know how to breathe correctly. I know how to stand and sit correctly. I know how to stretch my body, and I am extremely limber. See?"
He pauses for a moment, then launches slowly into a headstand and lets his legs fall into a split. From this position, he continues talking.
"I began studying when I was a young man to become a great yogi. I have spent my entire life dedicated to this task. And what a payout for my efforts! Look at the things I can do!"
An old man and a young man are huddled in a small study, surrounded by books. There are shelves from floor to ceiling on all sides, filled with books. Smoke wafts throughout the room from the old man's pipe.
The older man chimes in. "And don't you forget it! Knowledge is power. Knowledge is everything. Whenever I have a question, I look it up in a book. Or, if I'm down, I read a book to cheer me up. Or, if I'm bored, I read a book to give me something to do. This young whippersnapper here, though, all he needs is his iPoo whatever, and he doesn't even read any books! Kids these days. Whew! Well, anyways.." he trails off as he loses his attention back into his book.
"Whenever *I* need to know something, it's right here at my fingertips. The young man says proudly.. Look--just that easy! What do you want to know--I know it! C'mon, ask away!" then something on his iPod takes his attention and he trails off: "..everything! I.. know everything.. isn't it wonderful?"
A man and a woman are sitting at a table together. The woman is enormously fat. The man looks at the clock on the wall, then gets up to go to the window. He skulkily reaches through and picks up a basket from the flower bed outside, which he brings in and sets on the table. The basket contains a hearty meal.
The woman looks at him blankly for a moment, then turns her attention to the food, which she begins devouring rapidly.
"We don't know where it comes from," he says. "It is provided. Before it started, we had to go out and work to grow our own food. I had a lovely garden!" For a brief moment a light brightened in his face, then it flickered and went out as he continued. "One day, the basket showed up. We ate it all. The next day we only ate some of it, and we noticed that an hour after it appeared, the basket disappeared again." The woman glances up as he starts talking, then back down to her food.
"That was when I began to suspect.." he is whispering now, and the woman is not paying attention to anything but her meal. Loud smacks emanate from her side of the table. "..that the food is not for us. The provider puts it there, but it is for someone else. Whatever we leave, goes to the others. If we take it all, they get nothing."
"At first, I decided we'd better not take it all. But then, we were so hungry. And she.." he nods down the table at the woman who is still munching away "..she is always hungry. Now I bring the whole basket in and we eat all the food, though I leave most of it for her. She eats almost all of it, but always leaves a little for me.
"We never leave any for the others anymore. But there is always enough for us. Always. It's all we could ask for, really."
"Isn't it great?! There are women here you can do anything you like with! All the time! You wouldn't *believe* all the crazy things I've done with them. I've had sex with hundreds of women. I've had sex in hundreds of positions. With mutiple women at once! And they all love it, no matter what perversion I subject them to--they can't get enough! Whenever I'm not having sex, all I can think about is what I'm going to try next. Wow!"
Three teenagers are sitting in a courtyard. They are all eating chocolate. There are shelves surrounding them, filled with more chocolate bars. They are all slim.
"Isn't.. mmph.. this.. mmph.. wonderful?" the youngest one says between mouthfuls. "When I started eating the chocolate, I was worried that I would get sick or it would make me fat. But then they told me it was special chocolate that doesn't have any side effects." He gestures at the older two. "So we can eat as much as we like! Now it's all I want to do! It's all I want to do. MMmph.."
I've been doing some reading about gold this evening, and I thought I'd put my notes up here in case anyone else was interested.
There's about 150000 tonnes of gold above-ground in the world. At current dollar market prices (about $28.5 million), that's about $4.3 trillion worth of gold. That's a number that's kind of interesting to compare to things like bailouts and stimulus packages.
Most of the world's gold is in the form of jewelry. 60%-ish. The rest is divided pretty evenly between central banks, companies that use it to do stuff (electronics, dental), and private investors hanging on for a rainy day.
In terms of central bank holdings, the US has way more gold than everyone else. (Well, it's not as extreme an imbalance as our defense spending.) At about 8000 tonnes, that's $228 billion worth of gold -- more value than Wal-Mart ($198 billion), but less than Exxon Mobil ($345 billion). Also, note that the 8000 tonnes represents more than 3 quarters of the Fed's foreign currency reserves. These numbers are also interesting to compare to things like bailouts and stimulus packages (oh, and note the annual defense budget is more than twice our gold reserves).
About 2500 tonnes of gold (~$70 billion) are mined every year. This represents about a 1.7% annual increase in the total quantity of above-ground gold. 66% of the world's gold has been mined since 1950, and production has been flat to declining over the past 10 years.
Most of this information comes from the World Gold Council (made up of a bunch of mining companies).
This is completely absurd, and just goes to show how twisted round in circles, blind, and out of touch with reality our political leaders have become.
This is the Senate majority leader we're talking about here, not some crackpot nobody. The fact that he can't see that taxation is backed by force is very disturbing. I don't understand how he can sleep at night!
“But… If you had purchased $1000 worth of beer one year ago, drank all the beer, then turned in the aluminum cans for recycling refund, you would have received $214.00.
“Based on the above statements, the best current investment plan is to drink heavily and recycle. It’s called the 401-Keg Plan.”
I heard something similar to this at a quaker meeting a while back. What would you do in the following situation?
You're standing at the bottom of a mountain, by a railroad track. The track comes down off the mountain to a fork. One branch of the fork goes directly off a cliff into a deep ravine. The other glides smoothly off into the distance. Suddenly you see a runaway rail car careening down the mountain towards the fork, with at least two people sticking their heads out the windows waving and yelling for help. You look at the tracks of the fork and see it's headed for the ravine. Thinking fast, you look around and notice a lever by the fork which appears to switch the tracks to the other branch. However, at the same time you notice a man tied to the tracks of the safe branch. The man is fat. What do you do?
The fat man is not tied to the tracks, but rather is standing on it purposefully, trying to commit suicide [I personally find this one rather easy -- run him over!]
You can't tell that there's anyone inside the train car. It looks like a passenger car, but it's moving too fast to see inside the windows and nobody is hanging their heads out. Still, there could easily be people inside.
As tax season rolls around again, it's a great opportunity for principled libertarians to carefully consider their relationship to taxes. I like to compute the percentage of my income that goes to taxes. For most working people, that's somewhere between 25 and 40 percent or more (not including sales taxes). When you get on up close to where you're paying 50% in taxes, it starts to raise some interesting ethical considerations.
Supporting the enemy. If I believe the government is primarily engaged in evil, destructive activities such as war and welfare, and I'm spending more than half of my effort supporting the government, aren't I a net subtraction from the world? Most people believe some of what the government is doing is good and some bad, so maybe you want to calculate how much of the budget goes to things you oppose, such as the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the bailouts, or whatever it may be, and then multiply this percentage by your tax percentage to see how much of your time goes towards supporting your enemy.
Non-financial aspects of your work. Is your job rewarding in non-financial ways? For example, a therapist or a teacher might feel they are affecting the world in a positive way that is hard to measure in dollar terms. If your job is one of these types, maybe you aren't so concerned that a large percentage of your income supports the enemy, because you're fighting back more effectively in other ways. For those of us in the financial industry, it's generally harder to measure our positive effect any way other than in dollars.
What are you doing with it? Are you giving all of your after-tax after-living-expenses money to the cause of liberty, to offset your support for the government? If you're working, say, 25% for the enemy, are you working at least 25% for the good guys too? If not, should you be?
The future. Higher taxes seem likely in the not-too distant future. If you're already paying 40% or more, it might not be long until you're paying 50% or more. In historical terms, we're pretty low right now. In the 50s, top rates were over 90% and in the 70s, they were 70%. Once I'm clearly working 9 months out of the year directly for that which I oppose, it puts me in a very sticky ethical situation.
An interesting question that I haven't thought about much yet is how the inflation tax plays in here. If you're knowingly sitting on a pile of cash that the government inflates away to support the empire, have you essentially just handed that wealth over to the government?
Ron Paul has pointed out that if we simply changed our foreign policy from one of offense to one of defense, we would save nearly enough money to eliminate the individual income tax (which provides less than half the revenue for the federal government). There's also the fairtax.
(I know some of my family with slow tubers reads this blog, so here's an article covering the issue.)
I am often approached by people and organizations asking for money. Sometimes as I walk down the street, sometimes in my mailbox, and sometimes by the Ronald McDonald jar next to the cash register. I often wonder whether I want to give or not, and how I would feel afterwards in various situations.
So, for the month of March, I decided to try giving whenever I was asked, to experience it first hand. Every time a bum on the street asked for a handout, I gave something. Every time I went to the store and there was a jar by the register, I gave something. Every time I got a piece of mail from a random charity, I mailed a check. I even responded to emails asking for money (e.g. from political groups).
Before I started, I thought maybe this would be a real eye-opener, and I'd want to either give a lot more going forward, or give none at all. In fact, it didn't turn out to be so clear. My experiences were roughly case-by-case. Indeed, sometimes I was surprised at the joy of giving. I would get very sincere thank-yous, or do a lot of research about who/what I was giving to and come away with a real feeling of having made a good decision. Other times, I was unexcited about giving to the person who was asking based on judgments of my own, and indeed after giving I felt roughly nothing. But, a few times I was surprised as my prejudice had clearly been wrong---I went in thinking this is not the right thing to do, I'm only doing it because I agreed with myself that I would but came out feeling good about the giving. This was the exception rather than the rule, most of the time I didn't learn much.
One other thing I learned is that giving feels the best when it's personal. Either I'm face to face with the person and talk about it to get a good understanding of the need, or I do my own research and come to my own conclusions that this is a good spot to spend some of my efforts.
Now that the month is over, I will go back to a case-by-case consideration, though I suspect I will generally be more generous now that I've done this---especially in cases that are not familiar.
I'll warn you up front: I don't have anything useful to write today, but I'm writing anyway. There, now it's not my fault if you keep reading.
The government today is marshaling every resource and every means at its disposal to prop up a failing system of the past. Meanwhile, we live in completely new times. These new times are characterized by an international division of labor, global capital flows, digital information delivery, and the slow but systematic destruction of the establishment in media, banking, and finances. What is emerging to replace them is something that no government on the planet can stop. Markets will not be crushed and they resist control as never before.
This quote harkens back to my last post in that Lew seems to be agreeing that the whole system is due for an overhaul. He's even so optimistic as to say that it's going to get one. Forward the robots!
But here's a bit of a tempering view, from Bill Bonner over at the Daily Reckoning, in response to an FT claim that the moment is not far when machines "will solve problems including energy scarcity, climate change and hunger":
Machines can help build safer bridges. They can help cure diseases. They can play chess and tell you where you left your car keys. But they can't solve social and political problems...at least not directly. A smart computer could help build a more energy efficient automobile, but it can't solve the problem of energy scarcity. Because there isn't really an energy scarcity problem. Engineers, technicians and businessmen produce and sell energy---just like they produce and sell diamonds or custard pies. Stuff---including energy---is always 'scarce.' Even sand is scarce. The Sahara may be full of it; but when you want some for your backyard, it won't be free. Machines---as smart as they are---can't solve this 'problem.' Resources are allocated either by the invisible hand---the give and take of free people---or by the heavy hand of whoever is in power. Smart machines aren't going to change that.
Come on Bill, haven't you heard of replicators a la Star Trek? Have some faith in the robots of the future!
Next up we have a random graph from mises.org which serves, I think, as one important indication of what's been going on in our economy lately:
So, naturally, I yearn for "Restoring Sound Money in America" with a fervor that is incomprehensible to my wife and kids, family, neighbors, elected officials and random passersby that I accost on the street by demanding "Do you know that you are a moron for voting into office worthless socialist/communist/fascist trash like Nancy Pelosi, Barney Frank, and Harry Reid, and then compound you stupidity by NOT buying gold, silver, and oil to protect yourself from the inevitable inflation in prices?"
I had the pleasure of seeing James Grant of Grant's Publication give a talk over the summer, where he stated something to the effect of "banking will still be profitable in the future." His point was, bank stocks have been getting sold like crazy, and at some point they'll probably be oversold and undervalued, so it's a good spot to look for opportunites.
The NY times has a neat picture of the shrinkage of the financial sector. In about a year it went from 20.4% of the market to 16.9%, meanwhile losing about half of its total value.
The thing I keep wondering about is not when will the industry bottom out and begin to grow again, but why should banking be 20% of the market to begin with? What does that industry actually do, other than push numbers around on pieces of paper? Paper.. not so much anymore! It's digital now, baby, and maybe that's why the end is neigh.
You see, computers (I actually prefer the term "robots," it's more fun to think of it that way) are way better at pushing numbers around than people with pens and paper. Let's break down a few things that banks do:
Lend money - just before the meltdown, you saw the emergence of direct person-to-person lending on the internet via sites like Prosper and Zopa. Investors can get better rates, and so can borrowers, if you eliminate (or at least reduce) the big chunky margin that traditional banks like to take.
Consumer banking - I use an internet bank. I get awesome perks like interest on my checking account and completely free ATM withdrawals at any ATM in the country (hmm.. ATMs.. robots..). Meanwhile, I cost the bank nearly nothing because I've never been to a branch (they only have three, and they're all in California), and I do all of my banking robotically on the internet. Oh, and pretty much everyone uses ACH to move money around these days, right? That's pure robots too.
Trading - Some of the bigger financial firms historically made money trading. Over the past few years, technologically savvy trading firms have stepped in and taken much of the business away from the pen-pushers. Using robots that are designed to pick up pennies, where people used to have to get paid much more to do the same thing.
So if robots can move money around almost instantly and at almost zero marginal cost, why does this need to be 20% of the economy anymore? I say good riddance, financial sector, may you become 5%.. or less!
© 2018 - malayaalam.com. all rights reserverd. designed by: VishnuPriya Information Technology Services
dark dick, massage dick, dick please, large dick, dick camera, daddys dick, biggest dick, dick face, dick hole, dick wazoo, receives dick, dick massage, dick taut, younger dick, monster dicks
No copywriting assignment is too complex for us. We relish the opportunity to create clear and concise content for any project that might land on your desk, including:
Sign up for the newsletter to be the first to hear about new updates, projects, and other Media Wise news. Click here to see the latest version.
Download mp3 Best Gaming Music Mix to your phone, tablet or computer freely and without registration with the help of our music search engine chelsea-balkan.com. Also for your convenience we did online listening to your favorite music with a convenient player. Just click the playlist and the entire playlist will play non-stop! Listen to tracks online and share them with friends on social networks.
chelsea-balkan.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] chelsea-balkan.com.
On December 10, 2010 all students and staff at the Melville Comprehensive School were invited to participate in the school’s first ever lipdub. Approximately 400 students from grades 7-12 and staff joined in for what has been called “the best school spirit activity …
Check out Math Train .. these are math videos mainly created by students. You can use the content or view the content to get ideas on how you can get your students creating/sharing/posting math videos on your own blog!
Check out these video and Pictures on EXPLORE – Cultural and Educational Film – Great Canadian Content too!
>Ashton Kutcher is the first person to have 1 million Twitter followers. You can view his interview on Oprah:
Most churches would take a pass on a man like that. After all, you can’t trust your pulpit to just anyone who comes along. And that’s why the Apostle Paul would not feel at home in many of our churches today.
Every year I spend a good part of my time talking with pastors. I love pastors and I love spending time with them. Sometimes I’ll ask, “How is it going?” and then sit back and wait for the answer. Just as I typed that sentence, I shrugged my shoulders, as if to say, “It depends.” It depends on who is asking and when and where and why. And it depends on what day you ask.
Success in the ministry is notoriously hard to define. Even if we have met all our goals, have we truly been successful in the eyes of the Lord?
That’s the question Paul faced in 2 Corinthians. He had to justify himself because a group of critics had virtually taken over the church, filling the people’s minds with base accusations against Paul’s character and his conduct. “You can’t trust him. Look how fickle he is. He says he’s coming for a visit, then he doesn’t show up. How do you know he’s not a fake?"
Part of Paul’s answer comes in 2 Corinthians 3:1-3 where he declares that the real measure of his ministry is the lives changed by the Holy Spirit. That constitutes true success in the eyes of the Lord.
“Are we beginning to commend ourselves again? Or do we need, like some people, letters of recommendation to you or from you?" (2 Corinthians 3:1).
Paul says, “I don’t need to boast and I don’t need a letter of reference to prove the validity of my ministry."
Sometimes we measure success by our degrees. So we go to college for four years to get a BA or a BS. Then we may go to graduate school for an MA or an MBA. Some will seek a professional degree, such as an MD, JD, DDS, or DMin. Those with a scholarly bent will pursue a PhD so they are qualified to write or teach at the highest levels. So in the end the extremely studious person may have a string of degrees after his name, such as BA, MA, PhD.
And of course these things matter. We pay attention to them. We put our degrees up on the wall. We want people to know we went to Georgia Tech or Miami or to Notre Dame or Princeton or Multnomah or Biola. And it’s not just those letters. We gain status, we make friends, we network, we may meet our spouse at college or in graduate school, and when we graduate, having a degree from a particular school may land us a job some day. So it does matter.
Sometimes we ordain people to the ministry. That’s important because it means that a certain group of well-respected people examined you carefully regarding your testimony, your background, your education, your doctrine, your spiritual life, and your call to the ministry. In some denominations a candidate without ordination papers will not be considered for the pastorate. We put our ordination paper on the wall. It’s a mark of accomplishment, a sign that someone, somewhere has checked us out and we pass muster.
Often we measure pastors by church size. Probably nothing matters more than this. Go to any ministerial gathering and after the initial greetings, someone is sure to ask, “How large is your church?” or “How many are you running in Sunday School?” That matters because 50 is better than 25, 100 is better than 50, 500 is better than 100, 1000 is better than 500, 2000 is better than 1000, and anything over 2000 is considered a megachurch. And these days there are quite a few churches in America that draw more than 7000 people very Sunday. Currently the largest church in America attracts over 40,000 people. And around the world there are mega-megachurches that number over 100,000 or 200,000.
There are other ways of looking at success. Who do you know? How well are you connected? Do you know a senator? How many millionaires attend your church? Do you have Bill Gates’ cell phone number? Do you Twitter with Shania Twain? Do you drop by and say hi to Donald Trump when you are in New York? Have you met President Obama? Will Peyton Manning return your calls? Did you eat lunch with Chuck Colson last week? On and on it goes. Because we live in a celebrity culture, it matters to all of us who we know. Knowing important people gives you clout, it helps you get things done, and it elevates you in the minds of others.
But these things, the “letters of recommendation” that Paul is talking about, the approval and recognition of others and the applause of the world, these are not the true measures of success.
You yourselves are our letter, written on our hearts, known and read by everybody. You show that you are a letter from Christ, the result of our ministry, written not with ink but with the Spirit of the living God, not on tablets of stone but on tablets of human hearts.
As far as Paul was concerned, the real proof of his ministry was the changed lives of his hearers. As he preached the gospel, the Holy Spirit applied it to his hearers so that when they believed in Jesus, their lives were completely changed. Corinth was a thoroughly pagan city, given over to idol worship and gross sexual immorality. As a seaport town, it had a reputation for sensuality to the point that “to corinthianize” had become a by-word in the first century. It meant to live on the level of brute sexual appetites. Corinth was a place where you could say that truly “anything goes.” So when the gospel entered with its promise of life transformation through the power of Jesus Christ, sinners were converted, and some of them were radically changed. Paul had written about that in his first letter to the Corinthians:
Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-10).
In today’s world we tend to regard that as a “hard passage” that makes us squirm because it seems so negative-and it is! But that’s not the end of the story. Read on to verse 11:
And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the Spirit of our God.
The most important part of this text is the first phrase of verse 11: “And that is what some of you were.” In those eight words we find the entire Christian faith. The effective power of all that we believe is summed up in those few words. Christianity is supremely a religion of conversion. Everything we say and everything we believe is built upon one fundamental and revolutionary premise: You don’t have to stay the way you are. Your life can be radically changed by God. The miracle of conversion happens when the life of God intersects with human personality. Once God enters the picture, your life will never be the same again. Until then, you may be religious and you may be a very good person and you may obey all the rules of the church, but you have not been converted.
Talk about a change. Can you imagine the impact in Corinth when an idol worshiper came to Christ and his buddies at the temple of Aphrodite, the goddess of love, wondered what happened to him. Why didn’t he come around anymore? Why didn’t he offer sacrifices? Why didn’t he partake in sexual escapades with the many priestesses attached to the temple? Why didn’t he join in the bacchanalian celebrations? What happened to him? “I met some people who told me about Jesus, and he changed my life completely."
Or suppose a woman was one of those priestesses who practiced a form of religious prostitution. What would her friends say when suddenly she stopped plying her trade? Her answer would blow their minds.
Or here is a man in Corinth who has lived a homosexual lifestyle. But no more. He has been washed, cleansed, sanctified, given a new heart, a new life, a new direction. Yes, the temptations remain, but the direction of his life has been altered forever. Can you imagine what his friends would say when he declared, “I’m not going to do that anymore"?
There is another way to say it. Conversion is the miracle whereby God changes the tenses of your life:
Christians believe that Jesus Christ can do it, and we believe that only Jesus has the life-changing power to utterly transform your life from the inside out. That’s what happened to the first-century believers in the seaport town of Corinth. It could happen to you today as you read these words.
How did this radical change take place among those who heard his message? These former idol-worshiping pagans were now . . .
It’s a wonderful thing when your conversion is so real that no one can deny the change in your life.
You yourselves are our letter, written on our hearts, known and read by everybody” (v. 2). It’s a wonderful thing when your conversion is so real that no one can deny the change in your life.
“You show that you are a letter from Christ” (v. 3). Their lives were like a letter from Christ, written in their hearts, plain and clear for the whole world to see.
“Written not with ink but with the Spirit of the living God” (v. 3). They had not been changed by “joining the church” or “walking an aisle” or “signing a card." Those things have no power to change us. Only the Holy Spirit working within can write God’s truth in our hearts.
“Not on tablets of stone but on tablets of human hearts” (v. 3). The Ten Commandments were written on stone, giving them permanence as a rule of life for ancient Israel. If someone said, “Is it okay to sleep with my neighbor’s wife?” the answer was, “Check out the tablets. What do they say?” Rules can do many things. They can tell you right and wrong, and they can provide guidance in tough situations. Only the gospel can change us from the inside out.
So what is the real mark of a successful ministry? It must be the lives changed by the preaching of the gospel through the power of the Holy Spirit. That’s why the proof of the ministry can never be simply counting nickels and noses or listing degrees or books written or places preached or the size of your Sunday School or how many services you have or how big your budget is or who came to speak for you or who serves on your Board of Reference or how long you’ve been in the ministry.
Paul never gives us any attendance statistics from his churches; never tells us how many baptisms were performed in a given year; never reports on the number of new programs he started; and he never even tells us how the giving was doing compared to budget!
We count those things and say, “Well, if you’ve got those, you’ve got a successful ministry.” Paul said, “I’m not playing that game." He wouldn’t ask for letters of reference nor would he provide any. He simply said, “If you want to know about my ministry, check out the people who listen to me. Look at what God has done in their lives.”
That’s the only thing that matters. The rest is just details. And a lot of it is just ministerial window-dressing.
If you take this passage as a standard, it means that God measures our success in terms of lives changed. He’s evidently not that impressed by the size of our budget or by the stained glass in our sanctuary. The One who hung the stars in space doesn’t really care how many books we’ve written or how much money we make or whether or not we see our name in lights.
I’ve already said that the proof of our ministry is lives changed by the Holy Spirit. So who does the changing? (This isn’t a trick question.)
He has arranged things so that we get the honor and privilege of serving him. To us he committed the message of reconciliation and told us to go into the world and preach it in every nation, saying to one and all, “Be reconciled to God."
And it is God who takes the message we preach and writes it on the hearts of those who hear. And let us be thankful about that. If we had to save people, no one would ever be saved. I can preach from sunrise to sunset, I can preach till the cows come home, but if God doesn’t work, no one will ever be saved. A wonderful old hymn from the colonial era says it this way:
I don’t know how you feel about this, but I’m very happy that “all is vain unless the Spirit of the Holy One comes down” because that means it doesn’t all depend on me.
First, I have a part to play and I must do my part. I am called to preach and teach the Word of God. The where and the how and the when are not specified. Circumstances change all the time. Look at Paul’s life. He had great success in one city and was run out of the next. He stayed in one city for months and in another for three or four weeks. He was loved and hated, admired and reviled, praised and criticized wherever he went. Some of the churches he started had major problems. Not everyone who heard him believed his message. Not all of his disciples stayed true to the Master. And yet he determined to go wherever he was led, to become “all things to all men” so that by God’s grace, he might win some to Christ.
Was Paul successful? From the perspective of twenty centuries later, we know the answer is yes. But he ended up in jail in Rome (twice!) and evidently died by beheading at the order of Nero.
In 1 Corinthians 4:1 Paul reveals a key secret of success in the ministry. “It is required that those who have been given a trust must prove faithful." There it is, plain for all to see.
Second, I won’t really know how successful I’ve been until I get to heaven. Several years ago I watched Larry King interview Billy Graham. At one point he asked Dr. Graham, “How many people have been saved under your ministry?” Without missing a beat, Billy Graham answered, “I have no idea.” “You have no idea?” “No, only the Lord knows that."
Here’s a man who has preached to more people in person than anyone else in history. And hundreds of millions have seen him on TV. He is the best-known evangelist in Christian history. But when you ask how many have been saved, he says, “I have no idea.” You can count decisions but only the Lord knows the true heart condition of those who come forward.
Whatever success we have in serving the Lord comes because the Lord himself granted it to us. Since we don’t save anyone, all the glory belongs to the Lord alone.
Third, I shouldn’t bother comparing myself with anyone else. Years ago I heard Dr. Vernon Grounds, longtime president of Denver Seminary, share a story from a time in his early ministry when he was bring harshly criticized for some stands he had taken. The men criticizing him felt he should have been stronger or stated things more forcefully or done things a different way. They were so vocal that he could not ignore them. Eventually he became angry and discouraged. Then the Lord impressed upon his heart the passage in John 21:20-22 where Peter, evidently feeling a bit of apostolic competition, asks the Lord what will happen to the Apostle John. Here is the Lord’s answer in verse 22, “If I want him to remain alive until I return, what is that to you? You must follow me." It’s a polite way of saying, “What happens to John is none of your business.” The King James Version renders the last phrase this way, "Follow thou me.”
If we do that, we are successful already, and when our work is done, we will discover that the Lord made more of what we did than we knew while we were on the earth. The applause of heaven will welcome us home, and that’s the only success that really matters.
Do you have any thoughts or questions about this post? If you have a Facebook account, you may comment below:
Permissions and restrictions: You are permitted and encouraged to use and distribute the content on Keep Believing Ministries free of charge. If you choose to publish excerpts from a sermon or article, please provide a link or attribution back to KeepBelieving.com’s version of this article. The content of KeepBelieving.com must not be redistributed at a fee beyond the cost of reproduction.
If you wish to support Keep Believing Ministries, your prayers and donations are appreciated, and further enable this worldwide ministry to distribute all materials free of charge.
Anchor is a “gospel book” that explains the Good News in a simple and persuasive manner. Read the latest on “The Anchor Project” and how you can be support our work.
We want to join together with pastors and Christian workers to equip the church in China, broadcasting translated sermons, providing ministry resources for Christians and pastors in China.
Subscribe to the weekly sermon from Keep Believing Ministries. Sign up for our emails and use it to grow in your faith as well as to encourage others.
Welcome to Keep Believing Ministries’ audio/podcast library. Listen to or download a digital audio version of one of these messages or receive them via our podcast and feed.
The Bible contains many names of Christ. His names tell us who he is. His names tell us why he came. His names tell us how he can help us. His names tell us why we worship him. In this devotional series you'll learn of these varied and meaning behind the names, titles and descriptions of Christ.
“Now may the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.”
Keep Believing Ministries is a registered 501(c)3 charitable organization. All contributions are tax-deductible.
Inslee's budget calls for all-time biggest boost to early learning | Education Lab Blog | Seattle Times
Among a slew of education proposals announced during Gov. Jay Inslee’s budget rollout last week, Inslee suggested a hefty boost to the state’s Department of Early Learning — $177 million over the next two years, more than doubling the amount of money the department gets from the state today.
As far as the 8-year-old Department of Early Learning is concerned, the $177 million increase would be the department’s biggest ever, said Mike Steenhout, its chief financial officer. Among other child care and early learning services, the department runs Washington state’s preschool program, called the Early Childhood Education and Assistance Program, or E-Cap, which currently provides preschool to about 10,000 low-income students statewide.
If adopted, Inslee’s suggested $177 million increase would be nearly three times greater than the next largest funding spike in the department’s history, which came as it was ramping up around 2007. Inslee proposed adding $2 million for home visits, $4 million for early intervention with special needs toddlers and providing $70.5 million in state dollars for the Early Achievers child care rating and improvement program, which is today almost entirely funded by a one-time federal grant.
The proposal also calls for $79.8 million to increase the number of preschool-aged students attending state-funded preschool by 6,400 students — to 16,400 students — over the next two years.
“It’s all about readiness, getting the kids ready to be a success in kindergarten,” said agency spokesman Mark Varadian. “The funding as proposed by the governor goes a long way towards that.”
Inslee’s proposal would likely help compensate for the state recently missing the cut for a slice of federal preschool dollars. Washington had been eligible for up to $70 million in federal grants over the next four years.
The plan is a ringing endorsement for early learning, but the massive increase is far from settled. Both the Republican-controlled state Senate and the Democrat-controlled state House will submit their own budget proposals in the coming months. Neither is guaranteed to follow Inslee’s suggestions.
Kayla and Jody met in the most ordinary of circumstances at a workshop in December 2014. Paired up as partners, their first activity was to share a personal item with each other, and without realizing the symbolism behind the action, Kayla took off her rose quartz bracelet and handed it to Jody. Rose quartz is known as the "love crystal", with its lovely, soft pink colour and it's ties to all things lovely. It was this simple gesture that marked the beginning of a story that they both quickly realized was turning into a fairytale. And now their happily ever after has begun.
Maeve. i am very open mind but well educated ,student from bucharest ,able to have any kind of conversation ,but also to make all your deep and high dreams to came true .i am ready for any kind of your proposal and waiting for you to get to know me better..
I believe all of the following are also her name Misaki Honda, Saki Honda, Chisu Honda, Yuka Hanjo or Yuka Honko. Please respond if you find out anything. There are eight SpankBang AVs
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. demible.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
No show here and watch that hot tattooed girls who knows want he wants especially when there's nobody like me that's get. Write me according to movies drink wine singing in shower sometime. I would sign up and tell momma what you know run it gagging anal moaning I will pleased u as in wont. Interesting people talking to any intelligent kind individual about any situation a good exciting conversation that gives them power over cute horny. It's good idea to appear on cam warms me when speak to joke and the kind girl pregnant and still supporting my. Let make some suggestions we want ask 4 it I need ur help 4 that 2 be hard with my juicey pussy. Taste it watch her fuck toy or whatever tickles your soul I am normal I write romantic novels and smoke cigarretes sometimes.
by J.C. Valentine Spartan Riders, #2 Publication Date: July 26, 2016 Genres: Adult, Contemporary, MC Romance
Synopsis: Talia McKinnon said goodbye to love the day she signed the divorce papers and moved across the country looking for a fresh start. With work occupying her days and nights, a relationship is the last thing on her mind, until a run-in with a hot-as-Hades, leather clad biker changes her mind. He’s everything she shouldn’t want but has to have. The problem is, he’s not that easy to catch. Tucker “Country” Abrams believes in two things: brotherhood and women. He takes his job seriously and his women hard, but at the end of the day, the only loyalty he has is to his club. So when a night with a beautiful stranger threatens to change everything, he’s quick to apply the brakes. But when a little detective work reveals that Talia may be much more than a one-night stand, Tucker is tasked with an impossible decision. Will he push her away, or go against every instinct he has and pull her closer?
Shoving aside the empty, Tucker ordered a coffee, black, then sat back and waiting for it to arrive. No sooner than he’d lifted his iPhone from his pocket, preparing to scroll through his Little Black Book of fine ass bunnies who were always DTF, the seat next to him became occupied. Tucker did not need to look up to notice the female sitting there. Nor did he need to look to see that she was watching him. He did, however, need to look up at the sound of that soft as velvet voice. “Shame, a man drinking alone on a Friday night.” Holy fucking hell. Her voice was pure phone sex operator. His dick swelled instantly, and Tucker shifted in his seat, his lips curling into a slow smile as he turned to face her head-on. “Nothin’ wrong with a man drinkin’ alone, sugar. Now, you on the other hand…” He made a show of eying every inch of her svelte frame. She was well-covered in a pair of tight black pants and black halter top laced with fringe, and even though he’d heard that black was supposed to give that slimming effect, he could tell the thickness of her thighs wasn’t just because she was short. The woman worked out. Mmmm. Thick, solid thighs. She was sitting, so he couldn’t tell for sure, but Tucker would bet his left nut that she had an ass to match. She gave him the same once-over, lingering on the bulge along his inner thigh. A bold one, she was. Her tawny eyes rose up and met his, the corner of her mouth and a single eyebrow lifted in amusement. Or perhaps that was appreciation… “Your date stand you up?” she asked, lifting her chin toward the phone he still held in his hand. Tucker looked down at the thing, surprised. Forgot he even had it out. A list of numbers identified by nicknames like Double Mint Twins and Freak Nasty stared back at him, and suddenly, the need for a quickie had lost its appeal. Putting the phone away, Tucker leaned forward, folding his arms on the bar, and stared into the woman’s amazing eyes. “Looks that way. Broke my heart.” He pouted a bit, pure show, and she knew it. “Bitch.” A smirk played on her perfectly formed rose-petal lips. She leaned a little. “Just so you know, I’d never break your heart. Now, other things…” She left that one dangling, sparking Tucker’s intrigue. “Other things…” Lifting his hand, Tucker slid the pad of his thumb across his bottom lip, appraising her once more. “You know, I would not be opposed to see what kind of ‘things’ you have in mind.” She chuckled, a soft, delicate sound, just like everything else about her. “I don’t know if you could handle the kind of things I’m thinking.” Tucker’s eyes narrowed and, deciding to match her boldness, he said, “I can handle whatever you want to throw at me, sugar. I should warn you, though. It’s you who might not be able to handle me…” With a start, he realized he hadn’t caught her name. Reading his expression and extending a delicate, fine-boned hand, she said, “Talia. And I assure you, it’s the other way around.” And wasn’t that exactly what he wanted to hear. Grasping her hand firmly, Tucker held onto it far longer than was necessary. “My friends call me Country, but you…” He rubbed his thumb across the soft skin on the back of her hand, then lifted it to his lips, kissing baby soft knuckles that smelled faintly of apple blossoms. “You can call me Tuck.” She grinned, not understanding the significance of him allowing her to call him by his real name. No woman had ever known him as anything but Country, but her…There was something about this one that made him want to lose the filter. Get a little closer. “Nice to meet you, Tuck.” “Exactly my thoughts, Talia.” Her eyes sparkled at his seductive purr, and Tucker did a mental fist pump. Hook. Line. Sinker.
Synopsis: Gabby Morgan isn’t looking for love. Not even a little romance. Following a rocky past that she’d just as soon forget, she’s determined to focus on the future. One that most certainly doesn’t involve the tough-as-nails, short-on-words, hot-as-hell biker…or his kid. Blake Mahone may not be done with women, but he’s finished with relationships. Then Gabby Morgan enters the picture. She’s flawless, refined, and as his kid’s teacher, way out of his league. She acts like she hates him, but her eyes tell a different story. Before he knows it, Blake finds himself hot for teacher, and he’s more than ready to learn all her secrets. Now all he has to do is convince her to give him a shot…without getting them both killed in the process.
J.C. Valentine is the USA Today and International bestselling author of the Night Calls and Wayward Fighters Series and the Forbidden Series. Her vivid imagination and love of words and romance had her penning her own romance stories from an early age, which, despite being poorly edited and written longhand, she forced friends and family members to read. No, she isn’t sorry. J.C. earned her own happily ever after when she married her high school sweetheart. Living in the Northwest, they have three amazing children and far too many pets and spend much of their free time together enjoying movies or the outdoors. Among the many hats she wears, J.C. is an entrepreneur. Having graduated with honors, she holds a Bachelor’s in English and when she isn’t writing, you can find her editing for fellow authors. Sign up for J.C.’s newsletter and never miss a thing! http://bit.ly/1KxXWWB
This article is a stub. You can help the One Piece Wiki by expanding it. Please be aware that when you are watching official English translations that there may be name variations that are different from what is used on the wiki. Please read here for further clarification on what to use when writing summaries.
The Demon King, Brook, along with his subordinates, Franky Golem, Demon Priestess Nami, Chopadevi, and Eroslime, are the evilest things in the world. A hero must rise up to defeat the evil. These heroes are the Hero Usopp, Warrior Zoro, Mage Robin, and Hero Luffy.
Usopp claims that Luffy cannot be a hero, because Usopp is already a hero. Luffy says he'd rather be a hero, which leads Zoro to want to be a hero as well. Robin claims that if Zoro and Luffy are heroes, then she'll be a school teacher.
The group then talks to the village elder, Neptsun, who tells them about the legendary holy sword, which only a true hero can pull out of the rock. Immediately, Robin pulls it out shocking everyone, and becoming a true hero.
Meanwhile, at the Demon Castle, Demon King Brook yells for the heroes to hurry up and get them, after realizing they weren't coming.
This omake was polled and mailed in by the One Piece fan site, Arlong Park Forums. Forum user CCC mailed in the submission under the pen name Hisabisa Tarō, on behalf of the community.[1]
Cover Stories: Gedatsu's Accidental Blue-Sea Life • Miss Goldenweek's "Operation: Meet Baroque Works"
The One Quart Magazine Playlist is a weekly playlist of music selected by various One Quart contributors. It’s our take on what’s spinning on the office stereo. The playlist will be published every Monday.
​Never miss a post on One Quart Magazine by subscribing to our monthly newsletter​. We'll be mailing out to subscribers once a month with a round up of features. Just add your email address.
One Quart Magazine brings you the first view of Helsinki based electro-pop duo White Balance and their video for the hopeful breeze of Girl. ... Read more
The One Quart Magazine Playlist is a weekly selection of music picked by various One Quart contributors. It’s our take on what’s spinning on the office...... Read more
Smoking badly affects our blood vessels and heart, causing coronary heart disease. Blood vessels can also become thicker and narrower due to smoking. It then increases the heart rate and blood pressure; thereby forming clots in the blood. If the blood flow is blocked by the clot or rupturing of a blood vessel, stroke can take place. The blockage can also reduce the blood flow towards our skin and legs.
Smoking leaves hazardous effects on our lungs and can also damage the tiny passageways for gaseous exchange in lungs. The diseases of respiratory system as a result of long term effects of cigarette smoking include:
COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease), a disease which involves chronic bronchitis and emphysema. Death rate of smokers from COPD is 12-13 times greater than nonsmokers.
Long term effects of smoking are also on the reproductive system of women. Menopause starts early in women who smoke. Conception becomes difficult and those who get pregnant might experience impaired development of fetus, leading to lower psychological performance, problems in behavior and learning when the baby is born. Other reproductive risks of smoking in women include:
Impotency could be an effect of smoking in men as smoking damages arteries and decrease blood flow. The production of the sperm is also influenced by smoking.
Smoking can cause type 2 diabetes and even make it worsened. There's 30 to 40% greater risk of having diabetes for active smokers than those who don't smoke.
Children and teens get affected the most by the bad habit of smoking. Problems in kids that can be caused by smoking include:
Consumption of tobacco is often relevant to alcohol and drug addiction in teens. It has been found that teen smokers are more involved in fights, suicide attempts, mental issues and weapon carrying than non-smokers.
Small kids and babies are pretty helpless about passive smoking. Kids exposed to passive smoking are at greater risk of having infections in chest, ongoing cough as well as worsening symptoms of asthma and meningitis. The risk of cot death also increases with other risks, including ear infection.
Your children may not be protected even if you smoke in another room or open the windows to let the smoke go out. The odorless and invisible smoke usually lingers in air for 2-3 hours afterwards.
It's much better to quit than having long term effects of smoking for a lifetime. Some tips that will help you to quit smoking are here:
To get rid of this addiction, go with a plan. Keep some support with you and discuss with your doctor for counseling. The methods doctor usually suggest to quit smoking include medication, nicotine replacement therapy or a behavioral therapy.
Magnetic blackboard, give you a childlike innocence child fun world - Knowledge - Guangzhou Newlife Magnet Electricity Co.,Ltd
Graffiti can not only develop children's creativity, imagination and logical thinking, but also exercise their practical ability, concentration, graffiti and painting. It is a way for children to understand and express the world at the beginning, and make continuous progress with age.
Therefore, in the modern decoration, more and more families will choose to graffiti the blackboard wall, decoration into a beautiful landscape.
The installation of magnetism is very easy, the project is not complex also, double layer structure, magnetic absorption of blackboard, easy to install change, no nail free glue, need not destroy original structure of metope, and avoided the concern that paint material affects health. Magnetic chalks are used in conjunction with the use of dust-free water-soluble chalks, adding a layer of protection to children's health, reducing dust inhalation and preventing respiratory diseases.
Have a magnetic blackboard, can avoid the child besmear furniture to affect beautiful trouble. The family chooses to install the blackboard wall, can facilitate the child's graffiti to create the blackboard not only, need not worry cannot scrub again, and still can decorate household, broke the traditional four sides white wall decoration pattern, bring brand-new experience to the person. The family chalkboard itself has a sense of ritual, allowing children to have an early education education adaptation process. Set up a magnetic blackboard wall for children, play a learning role, let them remember English words, do math problems, draw art pictures, and train the baby's coordination ability, stay away from electronic products, watch less TV, play less mobile phones, stimulate children's learning enthusiasm.
With the magnetic blackboard, let the child's innocence fly, let you and your child have a free and comfortable child fun world.
[ 26 settembre 2017 ] Vaccini obbligatori anche per bimbi che frequentano scuole per l’infanzia	Altro
The Talk of the Town (1942) - “What is the law? It’s a gun pointed at somebody’s head. All depends upon which end of the gun you stand, whether the law is just or not.” –Cary Grant as L...
The old Hopkins-Davis feud has flared up again - Long before Bette Davis had her infamous feud with Joan Crawford, she had a feud with Miriam Hopkins which was almost as legendary. Bette and Miriam met i...
TCM Picks for the Week of Nov. 12, 2018 - It's Torchy time this week on TCM! The network is airing all seven of the Torchy Blane films that star Glenda Farrell as the wisecracking reporter and Bart...
FORGOTTEN ONES: DICK STABILE - *This article was written by my good friend BG on his Geezer Music club blog. He gave me permission to republish the excellent story here. Here is a link ...
Movie of the Week: The Misfits (1961) - This week, because Friday is the 58th anniversary of Clark Gable’s death, our movie is, of course, his final film: The Misfits (1961). Clark Gable is Gay L...
Sean Connery Stages the Great Train Robbery - Sean Connery as Edward Pierce.In addition to writing bestselling novels like *Jurassic Park *and *The Andromeda Strain*, Michael Crichton also found time ...
PHOTOS OF THE DAY: BING AND LOUIS ARMSTRONG - Bing had a lifelong admiration for jazz great Louis Armstrong (1901-1971). Despite the racial tensions in Hollywood back then. Bing tried to work with Amrs...
FULL METAL JACKET (Stanley Kubrick, 1987, USA) - *“I look inside myself and see my heart is blackI see my red door and it has been painted blackMaybe then I’ll fade away and not have to face the fact...
The Eleventh Hour Of The Eleventh Day - At the precise moment this post is going live, it is 11 a.m. in Belgium and France. This marks 100 years to the minute since World War I’s official ceasefi...
The Fourth Wonderful Grace Kelly Blogathon — Green Fire (1954) - November is always so exciting for an Old Hollywood fan like me, namely because so many legendary movie stars were born in this month and there’s so much t...
California Fires Are Burning Hollywood History - We in California are fighting several wildfires as of this writing. The entire city of Malibu is evacuated, we have over a dozen dead, and more who have lo...
IDA LUPINO 100 - Oh to be in New York now that November’s here – or now that the Film Forum are celebrating the centenary of London born IDA LUPINO (1918-1995) with a 25 f...
An Invisible Man to Rule Them All - Well, if you’re going to make a movie about an invisible man, you’d better hire an actor with a captivating voice. Universal Studios made the right choice ...
Week of November 9th, 1918 - One hundred years ago this week, world events crowded entertainment news out of the newspaper for the most part. On Monday, November 11th at 12:10 a.m. the...
Clearing Out My DVR Part 2: Madam Satan (1930); A Dress, A Dirigible and a Dame - I love my DVR. Next to the Keurig coffee maker and the GPS, it is an invention that changed my life for the better. However, unlike the coffee maker, which...
Rudolph Valentino - A Barbary Coast Tale - Rudolph Valentino arrives in San Francisco in May 1922 Rudolph Valentino's time in San Francisco has not been thoroughly documented. I have an inte...
Waterloo Bridge (1940) - In commemoration of Armistice Day, Maddy over at Maddy Loves Her Classic Films is hosting the World War I blogathon. My entry is mostly about the 1940s ver...
NO CHEAP IMITATION OF LIFE - Film making of this style requires that something new be added to a story, not just in terms of CGI, but material not previously used from a source. Better...
The Mask of Dimitrios: Mysterious, Glamorous European Noir - Film Noir is one of the best-known and most popular film genres. From the mid-thirties to the mid-fifties, these suspenseful, often gritty stories of dwe...
The Marlon Brando-Wally Cox Connection - One man was one of the most iconoclastic and controversial actors of the 20th century -- the other was the voice of Underdog on a Saturday morning cartoo...
Announcing the 7th Annual WHAT A CHARACTER! BLOGATHON - Announcing the SEVENTH ANNUAL What A Character! Blogathon December 14-16, 2018 When you re-watch your favorite films, what keeps you coming back for more? ...
The Pilgrim (26 February 1923) - Release Date: 26 February 1923 Written & Directed by Charlie Chaplin Duration: 46 minutes With: Edna Purviance, Sydney Chaplin, Mack Swain, Loyal Underwood...
Screening of “Shadow of a Doubt” at Daystar Center November 10 - *Shadow of a Doubt* *(1943)* *Where: Daystar Center, 1550 S. State Street, Room 102* *When: November 10, 2018* *Time: 6:45 p.m* *Hosted by Stephen Reginald* ...
Trilogy of Terror (1975) - I heard about Trilogy of Terror long before I ever saw it. For my mother, she swore it was an actual film she saw in the movie theater and, as … Continue R...
CMBA OUTLAWS Blogathon - If you are a member of the Classic Movie Blog Association please join us for the Outlaws Blogathon. Submissions are now being accepted. Click here for inf...
Blonde Ice (1948) - “Ice in her veins…icicles in her heart!” It’s time for Blonde Ice (1948), a film noir that you can watch at TheFilmDetective.tv starting November 1 as part...
61* -- A 21st century baseball movie for classic film lovers - Barry Pepper as Roger Maris (l) and Thomas Jane as Mickey Mantle in *61**It's October, and for a baseball fan like me, the excitement of the playoffs is in...
Thank You for 100 Followers, from AGAM! - Well, well, well….how time flies. About a year ago, I started this blog. I wasn’t really expecting much to be honest with you. AGAM was more of a place to ...
You're Invited! Presenting HISTORY OF FASHION IN FILM 1980s at Egyptian Theatre 10/13 - My *HISTORY OF FASHION IN FILM screening series* at the Egyptian Theatre comes to its conclusion with *the 1980s on October 13*! Some of the incredible s...
Comic Relief: A Simple Favor & Can You Ever Forgive Me? - Need comic respite? I’m happy to report that two new dramedies featuring strong women are even better than you’ve heard. Can You Ever Forgive Me?, starring...
Yet ANOTHER Classic Movie Paperback! - Variety is the spice of life (so they say), and with a great response for the paperback edition of GIRL NEXT DOOR, my biography of Jeanne Crain, I've no...
High School Movies, Then and Now - Netflix recently released a handful of romantic comedies set in high schools, including *To All the Boys I've Loved Before* and *Sierra Burgess is a Loser...
Film Fanatic Gear: Alfred Hitchcock POP! Vinyl - I have to thank or curse fellow blogger Ivan G. Shreve, Jr., for drawing my attention to an item I want to spend money on while I’m on a self-imposed auste...
Leonard Bernstein's 100th Birthday Celebration with a Google Doodle - August 25, 2018 marks 100 years since composer Leonard Bernstein's birth. Known for many projects, including his composition of award-winning scores, the...
Il cinema ritrovato 2018 in review - Six weeks after the fact, you say? From the Department of Better Late than Never comes my recap of Il cinema ritrovato 2018: a wonderful festival of archiv...
WALTER PLUNKETT: COSTUME DESIGNER - Walter Plunkett was there at the very beginning of Golden Age Hollywood. He launched the wardrobe department at RKO in 1927, designing everything from fl...
Robert Williams: What Could Have Been? - For years, Hollywood has been filled with scandals, myths, and mysteries. Robert Williams’s story does not fall into any of those categories. However, ther...
Buster Keaton Day - Saturday, June 16th was declared “Buster Keaton Day” in Los Angeles, and included an entire weekend of festivities. The event I attended on that particular...
The Revenge of Frankenstein (1958) - In the various cinematic incarnations of Mary Shelley’s novel, Dr. Frankenstein’s record for creating life is one of overall failure, for one reason or ano...
Lucille Ball - Color Portrait - This stunning color portrait of Lucille Ball was published in *Screen Guide* of February 1943. This fan magazine was a little different than others of i...
Silk Stockings (1957) and the End of the Freed Unit - Last year, I wrote a paper on the unproduced Arthur Freed musicals—that is, the films that the Freed unit had started or planned to make,… The post Silk ...
SORRY, WRONG NUMBER (1948) - While the film noir continues to thrive in the modern day, a stylistic shoot-off, the melodramatic noir, remains frozen in the ember of classic Hollywood. ...
Save Room For Dessert! - Have you ever had a meal so good and filling that you actually turned down the climactic finish of cherries jubilee, baked Alaska or strawberry cheesecake?...
Previous Clan Experience:Yes but with another game ( gamer territory clan in Wolfenstein enemy territory)
Why you want to join Revelation?: I was playing with Krypton and he was really great guy and he invited me to trial so i thought i would give it a go.
What skills can you bring to the clan?: Not mad playing skills but hopefully someone fun to play with!
Hello and welcome a-sick-puppy good to see you got it working. Your trial tags are -{ReV}-t and you will be trialed for about 2 weeks max. If you dont have temspeak could you please get it because that is how we communicate in this clan.
Ok cool i sent you a buddie request through x-fire, il send you the teamspeak details through that ok.
Your application time is up we have decided to let you in the clan, you have shown great teamwork and you are also a good person to chat to so keep up the good work and remeber to keep active on teamspeak. You may now wear the full tags -{ReV}-
ClanTox is a classifier of animal toxins. Given a sequence, it predicts whether the sequence is a toxin or toxin-like protein.
The form below allows you to input your sequences: either paste the sequence in the text box or upload your file.
The user is advised to use the list of sequence ID / accession numbers appearing in typical batch retrieval systems when creating a FASTA formatted set of sequences. Here is a sample file containing such a sequence list. Candidate systems include: SRS, Ensembl - Biomart, PIR and UniprotKB.
In case your input ID and accession are not derived from one of the major UniProtKB protein resources, the user is advised to submit his/her accession numbers to PICR, the Protein Identifier Cross-Reference Service. Matches from PIR, Refseq, PDB etc. to UniProtKB will enable ClanTox to provide the benefits of the associated knowledge and annotation maintained by these resources.
“When I ride my bike I feel free and happy and strong. I’m liberated from the usual nonsense of day to day life. Solid, dependable, silent, my bike is my horse, my fighter jet, my island, my friend. Together we will conquer that hill and thereafter the world”
Yea! Another mission. I was in Jamaica for the last two missions but I'm back and ready to go. Today's mission is CRAZY. After some serious thought on what I wanted to submit I finally narrowed down my ideas to two. The first I am quite proud of, not so much the concept but more so for the crazy accomplishment. I thought it would be crazy to attempt EXPERT on Guitar Hero III and decided to get a shot my attempt. What I found to be the truly crazy part was the fact that I BEAT my first expert song!!! Now that's crazy!
My second entry is my take on the infamous moment in "The Shining." This is from the scene where we find out that Jack has completely lost his mind. After weeks, maybe months, of working on his novel, we find that he's just been typing the same line over and over: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. My take is a bit different.
Today is Sweet P's actual birthday but we had her party over the weekend. The house was full of friends and family and she loved every m...
It's no secret that my sister has a thing for iced thumbprint cookies - I don't blame her, they are delicious and extremely addic...
I found an amazing recipe for cinnamon rolls and after some fine-tuning, and a little altering, I am sharing my most favorite recipe for cin...
Well, this has been a long time coming but I finally got around to taking pictures of Paisley's finished nursery. I'm pretty proud o...
I am sitting at home with two kidney stones. Bummer. Since I can't really do much right now, I decided to update with some recent baking...
We had a blast this weekend celebrating the husband's birthday. More on that tomorrow. But for today, I'm sharing my new favorite ...
It's been a while since I shared a recipe, other than stuff I mix in the Vitamix , ha, but today I have a goody for you, Perfect Pad T...
There is an ancient Chinese belief that an invisible red thread connects those who are destined to meet regardless of time, place, or circumstance. The thread may stretch or tangle, but never break.
I want my photography to highlight this red thread – this connection between people, who at one time or another, in one circumstance or another, have met. It may be children, grown-ups, friends, families, parents with their kids, lovers, even newborn babies. The red thread is there and its strength and flexibility are amazing.
My approach to photographing your wedding, family or children is to capture the connections and relationships in a photojournalistic style. Catching your family and friends in real-life settings, creating images that evoke love and laughter, and provide photographs that can be treasured by all who are, and will be, connected to you.
As a bootstrapped company you need to be really innovative for taking your company to next level. Well, thinking out of the box is the new fad, every startup envisages and implements so many ideas. While some of these ideas will work and some may not. Most important focus is on innovation coming from all members along with a clear vision.
In a culture of such innovations we are trying an exercise of making our team members the CEO for one day. It must look weird to many of you reading this article, but this has worked for regrob unlocking many potential feedback from inside the system.
Reflections of a startup guy – Before coming up with my startup I worked with India’s most reputed firms. The company’s business policies were good and I had ideas to improve the effectiveness but I couldn’t share them with top management. So it was actually my passion to improve company from various eyes which seeded the idea of One Day CEO in regrob. In this exercise we are making each of our team members CEO for a single day. Since we have more than 60 commandos, we get 60 great insights to run the company in better ways.
This is proving to be one of the turning points for regrob as it is helping us in creating robust business model and plugging the loopholes. Initially the organization was reluctant to try this out but later on everybody thought to try it out. It is proving to be a good health checkup for regrob.
Every fortnight one team member is given an opportunity to take position of CEO by taking all responsibility to run company. It includes the following points:
1) Implemented entrepreneurial and robust culture in organization where every team member know the direction
This activity is a huge success within 30 days of start which could have taken years and cash burn for the company.
Now I must say that the activity looks demanding from a traditional approach as one has to keep aside their ego. We are executing more than 10 ideas and seeing them adding value to business. I think none of the management books can teach these lessons.
I am a firm believer in the concept of risk beyond capacity because we have limited life to bring change. You do not always need cash burn activities or big technology to bring disruption, if you have capable team then you can make anything a success.
You may write to me at vivek@regrob.com or send us your comments. Your expert comments will be valuable for our startup and its culture.
Appreciate the courage to experiment such innovation. Surely it is a new way of collecting internal improvement measures
At regrob.com, we understand that people everywhere are searching for a place to call their own home or office. We want to make this search as interesting and fun as we truly understand that finding the perfect place is much more than just an online search! So to make this journey joyful, we begin by partnering with our customers as well as our builders and property creators from the beginning and have been there when it matters the most - right from online search to site visits to home loans to paperwork to finally finding that perfect space to call your own. Regrob.com is a part of Regrob Pvt Ltd, which is a venture started by IIT & IIM alumin and is in the digital real estate marketing and transactions services provider. Regrob is the link between the customer wanting to find a property and the builders and suppliers in the requisite areas.
Archives Select Month September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 February 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015
Bumps uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Bumps website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
This factsheet has been written for members of the public by the UK Teratology Information Service (UKTIS). UKTIS is a not-for-profit organisation funded by Public Health England on behalf of UK Health Departments. UKTIS has been providing scientific information to health care providers since 1983 on the effects that medicines, recreational drugs and chemicals may have on the developing baby during pregnancy.
WE NEED YOUR HELP! Do you have 3 minutes to complete a short, quick and simple 12 question user feedback form about our bumps information leaflets? To have your say on how we can improve our website and the information we provide please visit www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/uktis-bumps.
Cocaine (coke, crack) is a recreational drug that causes changes in mood and behaviour by affecting the balance of certain chemicals in the brain.
When a pregnant woman uses cocaine, it enters her bloodstream and crosses the placenta to the baby. Cocaine also collects in the fluid around the baby and is absorbed through the baby’s skin. Because unborn babies continually swallow this fluid they also swallow the cocaine. Cocaine in the baby’s bloodstream reaches the baby’s heart, brain, and other organs.
Studies suggest that using cocaine during pregnancy may increase the risk of stillbirth, or of having a premature and/or low birth weight baby. Cocaine should therefore not be used in pregnancy.
If you are pregnant and use cocaine, you should speak to your doctor or midwife about this. They will be able to get you help and support to safely stop using cocaine. Regular cocaine users, or people who feel as if they are dependent upon cocaine should not stop or reduce the amount of cocaine taken without a doctor’s guidance as this could cause withdrawal symptoms that may be dangerous to both mother and baby.
Cocaine affects the blood vessels, reducing blood flow. There have therefore been concerns that use of cocaine in pregnancy may cause birth defects that are due to abnormal blood flow in the developing baby in the womb.
There are some isolated reports of babies with these types of birth defects being born to mothers who used cocaine during pregnancy.
One large study that analysed information from 16 smaller studies showed that babies born to women who used cocaine during pregnancy were more likely to have a birth defect than babies born to mothers who had not used drugs. However, birth defects were also more common in babies of women who had used other types of recreational drugs. This suggests that the birth defects observed in this study may not have been specifically caused by cocaine, but may have been caused by certain lifestyle factors in pregnant women who use recreational drugs (e.g. smoking, alcohol use, poor nutrition, ill health).
More research is required to determine whether cocaine use in pregnancy can cause birth defects in the baby.
Some studies have shown a link between cocaine use in pregnancy and an increased risk of miscarriage. However, other studies have not agreed with this and it is currently unclear whether using cocaine in pregnancy increases the chance of a miscarriage.
An increased risk of stillbirth has been linked to cocaine use in pregnancy. It has also been shown that placental abruption (where the placenta detaches from the womb before the baby is born) is more likely to occur in women who use cocaine whilst pregnant. Placental abruption can be very serious and can result in the death of both mother and baby.
Current scientific evidence suggests that cocaine use during pregnancy is linked to giving birth too early (<37 weeks of pregnancy) and to having a low birth weight baby (<2500g). Use of cocaine during pregnancy appears to reduce the rate at which a baby grows in the womb, possibly due to reduced blood flow through the placenta. Poor growth in the womb has been linked to health problems later on in life.
Withdrawal symptoms are thought to occur as the newborn baby’s body has to adapt to no longer getting addictive substances through the placenta.
Studies have shown that cocaine use during pregnancy can cause withdrawal symptoms in the baby at birth. Therefore, if you have used cocaine in the weeks before delivery your baby may require close monitoring and/or supportive treatment for a few days after birth. It is important that you tell your doctor or midwife if you have been using cocaine so that they can arrange for your baby to be born at a unit that can monitor and treat your baby for withdrawal symptoms if necessary.
One study has shown that children who were exposed to cocaine in the womb during early pregnancy were smaller on average at seven and ten years of age than children who were not exposed to cocaine. This suggests that cocaine has lasting effects on a child who was exposed in the womb.
A baby’s brain continues to develop right up until the end of pregnancy. It is therefore possible that exposure to certain substances at any stage of pregnancy could have a lasting effect on a child’s learning or behaviour.
Cocaine affects the balance of ‘mood chemicals’ in the brain. There are therefore concerns that using cocaine during pregnancy could also affect an unborn baby’s developing brain.
Several studies have shown that children whose mothers used cocaine during pregnancy were more likely to have problems with thinking, learning, and behaviour than children whose mothers did not use cocaine. One study has shown that the more cocaine that a mother used in pregnancy, the more likely a child was to have problems. However, other studies have not identified problems in children exposed to cocaine in the womb.
It is often difficult to compare different scientific studies of learning and behavioural problems in children who have been exposed to a particular substance in the womb. Studies often investigate different learning or behavioural issues, or use different scoring systems to identify a problem. The results can therefore not always be compared directly. Additionally, some studies only investigate children when they are young. We therefore do not know whether these children ‘grow out’ of any problems that are observed, or show more problems with their learning or behaviour as they get older.
As part of their routine antenatal care, most women will be offered a scan at around 20 weeks of pregnancy to look for birth defects and to check the baby’s growth.
If you have used cocaine during pregnancy it is best for you and your baby that you tell your doctor or midwife as soon as possible. They will then be able to make sure that you and your baby receive extra monitoring or support if necessary.
No studies have specifically investigated whether cocaine used by the father can harm the baby through affects on the sperm, however most experts agree that this is very unlikely. More research on the effects of drug and medicine use in men around the time of conception is needed.
If you have any questions regarding the information in this leaflet please discuss them with your health care provider. They can access more detailed medical and scientific information from www.uktis.org.
Up to 1 out of every 5 pregnancies ends in a miscarriage, and 1 in 40 babies are born with a birth defect. These are referred to as the background population risks. They describe the chance of these events happening for any pregnancy before taking factors such as the mother’s health during pregnancy, her lifestyle, medicines she takes and the genetic make up of her and the baby’s father into account.
Most medicines used by the mother will cross the placenta and reach the baby. Sometimes this may have beneficial effects for the baby. There are, however, some medicines that can harm a baby’s normal development. How a medicine affects a baby may depend on the stage of pregnancy when the medicine is taken. If you are on regular medication you should discuss these effects with your doctor/health care team before becoming pregnant.
If a new medicine is suggested for you during pregnancy, please ensure the doctor or health care professional treating you is aware of your pregnancy.
When deciding whether or not to use a medicine in pregnancy you need to weigh up how the medicine might improve your and/or your unborn baby’s health against any possible problems that the drug may cause. Our bumps leaflets are written to provide you with a summary of what is known about use of a specific medicine in pregnancy so that you can decide together with your health care provider what is best for you and your baby.
Every pregnancy is unique. The decision to start, stop, continue or change a prescribed medicine before or during pregnancy should be made in consultation with your health care provider. It is very helpful if you can record all your medication taken in pregnancy in your hand held maternity records.
Disclaimer: This information is not intended to replace the individual care and advice of your health care provider. New information is continually becoming available. Whilst every effort will be made to ensure that this information is accurate and up to date at the time of publication, we cannot cover every eventuality and the information providers cannot be held responsible for any adverse outcomes following decisions made on the basis of this information. We strongly advise that printouts should NOT be kept for any length of time, or for “future reference” as they can rapidly become out of date.
Parties: Roger Clyderowe, esquire, and John Bacon', citizen and vintner of London', querents, and Alexander Stace of London', tapisser, and Margaret, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: Alexander and Margaret have acknowledged the land to be the right of Roger, as that which Roger and John have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed it from themselves and the heirs of Margaret to Roger and John and the heirs of Roger for ever.
Parties: John Dane of Chidyngstone, querent, and Thomas Michell' of Seuenoke and Joan, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: Thomas and Joan have acknowledged the tenements to be the right of John, as those which he has of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed them from themselves and the heirs of Joan to him and his heirs for ever.
Date: One month from Easter, 2 Henry VI [21 May 1424]. And afterwards one week from Holy Trinity in the same year [25 June 1424].
Parties: William Hert and John Smyth', querents, and Thomas Wyllys of Apoldre and Agnes, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: Thomas and Agnes have acknowledged the tenements to be the right of William, as those which William and John have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed them from themselves and the heirs of Agnes to William and John and the heirs of William for ever.
Parties: Adam Beaghynden' and John Clerk', glover, querents, and Thomas Neweman and Isabel, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: Thomas and Isabel have acknowledged the land to be the right of Adam, as that which Adam and John have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed it from themselves and the heirs of Isabel to Adam and John and the heirs of Adam for ever.
Parties: Richard Turk' and John Occumbe, querents, and William Rogger of Sutton' Valens and Alice, his wife, deforciants.
Property: A moiety of 20 acres of land, of 6 acres of wood and of 5 shillings of rent in Roluynden' and Benynden'.
Agreement: William and Alice have acknowledged the moiety to be the right of Richard, as that which Richard and John have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed it from themselves and the heirs of Alice to Richard and John and the heirs of Richard for ever.
Parties: William Swillyngton' and Alice, his wife, querents, and Thomas Moresby of Alyngton' and Eleanor, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: Thomas and Eleanor have granted to William and Alice the manor and tenements and have rendered them to them in the court, to hold to William and Alice, of Thomas and Eleanor and the heirs of Eleanor for the life of Alice, rendering yearly 1 rose at the feast of the Nativity of St John the Baptist, and doing to the chief lords all other services. And after the decease of Alice, the manor and tenements shall revert to Thomas and Eleanor and the heirs of Eleanor, quit of the heirs of William and Alice, to hold of the chief lords for ever.
Parties: Richard Romayn and Agnes, his wife, querents, and John Arnold' and Ellen, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: John and Ellen have acknowledged the tenements to be the right of Richard, as those which Richard and Agnes have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed them from themselves and the heirs of Ellen to Richard and Agnes and the heirs of Richard for ever.
Agreement: Thomas and Joan have acknowledged the messuage to be the right of John, as that which he has of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed it from themselves and the heirs of Joan to him and his heirs for ever.
Date: The day after Ascension, 1 Henry VI [14 May 1423]. And afterwards one week from St Michael, 3 Henry VI [6 October 1424].
Agreement: Thomas and Elizabeth have acknowledged the land and rent to be the right of Walter, of which he has the land of their gift, and have granted to Walter the rent, together with the homages and all services of John Tendale, Joan Assh'berner, John Onewold' (or John Ouewold') and John Stanton' and their heirs, in respect of all the tenements which they held before of Thomas and Elizabeth in the aforesaid vill, to hold to Walter and his heirs, of the chief lords for ever.
Parties: John Mede of London', poulter, John Mabile of London', brewer, and William de Chepe of London', cook, querents, and John Eton' of London', poulter, and Katherine, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: John Eton' and Katherine have acknowledged the tenements to be the right of John Mede, as those which the same John, John Mabile and William have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed them from themselves and the heirs of Katherine to John Mede, John Mabile and William and the heirs of John Mede for ever.
Agreement: Stephen and Emma have acknowledged the tenements to be the right of Roger, as those which he has of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed them from themselves and the heirs of Emma to him and his heirs for ever.
Date: Two weeks from St John the Baptist, 2 Henry VI [8 July 1424]. And afterwards one week from St Michael, 3 Henry VI [6 October 1424].
Parties: John Ipris, esquire, and Edmund Morys, querents, and John Thornton' and Katherine, his wife, deforciants.
Property: A moiety of 7 messuages, of 40 acres of land, of 3 acres of meadow, of 2 acres of marsh, of 5 shillings of rent and of a rent of 2 quarters of barley in Woldham and Rouchestre.
Agreement: John Thornton' and Katherine have acknowledged the moiety to be the right of John Ipris, as that which the same John and Edmund have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed it from themselves and the heirs of Katherine to John Ipris and Edmund and the heirs of John for ever.
Parties: John Smyth' of Folston' and Richard Twennewode of Folston', querents, and John Degon' of Folston' and Joan, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: John Degon' and Joan have acknowledged the land to be the right of John Smyth', as that which the same John and Richard have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed it from themselves and the heirs of Joan to John Smyth' and Richard and the heirs of John for ever.
Parties: Walter Reue and John Reynold' of Apuldre, querents, and William Clerk' of Apuldre and Margaret, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: William and Margaret have acknowledged the tenements to be the right of John, as those which John and Walter have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed them from themselves and the heirs of Margaret to Walter and John and the heirs of John for ever.
Parties: John Sundressh', clerk, John Kyng' of Wroteham and John Petigo of Graueshende, querents, and Thomas Yong' and Agnes, his wife, deforciants.
Property: A moiety of 2 messuages, of 1 dove-cot, of 74 acres of land, of 6 acres of meadow, of 7 acres of pasture, of 3 acres of wood and of 7 pence of rent in Wroteham and Ightham.
Agreement: Thomas and Agnes have acknowledged the moiety to be the right of John Sundressh', as that which the same John, John Kyng' and John Petigo have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed it from themselves and the heirs of Agnes to John, John and John and the heirs of John Sundressh' for ever.
Parties: Richard Chapman of Cheryton', querent, and William Burlond' of Cheryton' and Alice, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: William and Alice have acknowledged the tenements to be the right of Richard, as those which he has of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed them from themselves and the heirs of Alice to him and his heirs for ever.
Parties: John Smyth' and John Turnour of Apuldre, querents, and William Humfrey of Romene and Joan, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: William and Joan have acknowledged the tenements to be the right of John Smyth', as those which the same John and John Turnour have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed them from themselves and the heirs of Joan to John and John and the heirs of John Smyth' for ever.
Date: Three weeks from Easter, 2 Henry VI [14 May 1424]. And afterwards one week from St Michael, 3 Henry VI [6 October 1424].
Parties: John Smyth' and Richard Smyth', querents, and William Neweman and Emma, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: William and Emma have acknowledged the messuage to be the right of Richard, as that which Richard and John have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed it from themselves and the heirs of Emma to John and Richard and the heirs of Richard for ever.
Date: One week from St John the Baptist, 2 Henry VI [1 July 1424]. And afterwards one week from St Michael, 3 Henry VI [6 October 1424].
Parties: John Bakere, clerk, Thomas Kyngton' and James Ryggewey, querents, and Thomas Bakere and Margery, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: Thomas Bakere and Margery have acknowledged the messuage to be the right of John, as that which John, Thomas Kyngton' and James have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed it from themselves and the heirs of Margery to John, Thomas Kyngton' and James and the heirs of John for ever.
Parties: John Holewey and William Canon', querents, and John Spreuer (or John Sprener) of Cobham in the county of Kent, barber, and Alice, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: John Spreuer and Alice have acknowledged the tenements to be the right of William, as those which William and John Holewey have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed them from themselves and the heirs of Alice to John Holewey and William and the heirs of William for ever.
Date: One week from Holy Trinity, 2 Henry VI [25 June 1424]. And afterwards one week from St Michael, 3 Henry VI [6 October 1424].
Parties: Nicholas Frommond' of Hadlowe, querent, and William Baker of Hadlowe and Joan, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: William and Joan have acknowledged the land to be the right of Nicholas, as that which he has of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed it from themselves and the heirs of Joan to him and his heirs for ever.
Parties: Thomas Horden', John Sheldwych' and William Benet, querents, and John Denys and Joan, his wife, deforciants.
Property: 2 messuages, 240 acres of land, 50 acres of meadow, 100 acres of wood, 4 acres of marsh and 30 shillings of rent in Roluynden'.
Agreement: John Denys and Joan have acknowledged the tenements to be the right of William, as those which William, Thomas and John Sheldwych' have of their gift, and have remised and quitclaimed them from themselves and the heirs of Joan to Thomas, John Sheldwych' and William and the heirs of William for ever.
Parties: Robert Bregham, clerk, Solomon Oxeney and John Holym, querents, and John Kent and Joan, his wife, deforciants.
Agreement: John Kent and Joan have granted to Robert, Solomon and John Holym the rent and have rendered it to them in the court, to receive each year, to wit, a moiety at the feast of Easter and the other moiety at the feast of St Michael, to Robert, Solomon and John Holym and the heirs of John, by the hands of John Kent and Joan and the heirs of Joan for ever. Robert, Solomon and John Holym and the heirs of John shall have the right to distrain John Kent and Joan and the heirs of Joan in the manors of Lee and Shroffold' and in 1 messuage, 1 carucate of land and 2 mills in Modyngham, Shroffold' and Leuesham, or those who shall afterwards hold the same manors and tenements.
Agreement: John Kent and Joan have granted to William and John Idle the rent and have rendered it to them in the court, to receive each year, to wit, a moiety at Christmas and the other moiety at the feast of the Nativity of St John the Baptist, to William and John Idle and the heirs of William, by the hands of John Kent and Joan and the heirs of Joan for ever. William and John Idle and the heirs of William shall have the right to distrain John Kent and Joan and the heirs of Joan in the manors of Lee and Shroffold' and in 1 messuage, 1 carucate of land and 2 mills in Modyngham, Shroffold' and Leuesham, or those who shall afterwards hold the same manors and tenements.
Community Outreach Activities in Centre for Self Sponsored Programmes | Centre for Self Sponsored Programmes
National Center on the Use of Emerging Technologies to Improve Literacy Achievement for Students with Disabilities in Middle School, at CAST
CBD CLINIC Level 4 ointment powerfully penetrates to the site of more severe muscle and joint pain with 2 separate, high-dose pain killers. The strong pain fighting formulation pierces deep through tissue to deliver relief directly to painful muscles and joints by reducing swelling and inflammation. Delivering hours of relief by increasing blood flow and circulation to the affected area.
You can pretty much put anything up against GI Joe video clips and more than likely I'll be very entertained (like the FenslerFilm PSAs). So I was more than excited when Accatone sent this dub/grime one my way. Plus, it uses clips from the Synthoid Conspiracy episodes.
Creative Systems Engineering (CSE) Ltd is a self-funded SME, established in 2009 in Athens, Greece. CSE is a modern, dynamic engineering firm that targets the provision of state-of-the-art products and services for Telecommunication, Defence/Space, Industrial Control and Automation, ATE. The company’s strength is based on its experienced staff that has twenty five years of proven experience in project & engineering management, design and development of diverse products and provision of high-end engineering services, with the use of state-of-the art design & development tools (CAE/CAD) and high performance laboratory T&M equipment.
The company is continuously exploring commercial interest of the international and domestic market in the demanding areas of Telecommunications, Defence, Space and Automated Test Equipment. CSE continuously invests in R&D activities through EU (FP-7, H2020) and government funded programs.
CSE is a member of the ACCI (Athens Chamber of Commerce and Industry) while it holds an EN ISO 9001:2015 certification (TUV Hellas).
Design services: CSE offers engineering, design, development and manufacturing services for complex electronic systems, Single/Double/Multilayer/Flex Printed Circuit Boards for Power/High-speed/ Digital/Analogue/Mixed-signal applications, real time embedded sub-systems, FPGA based designs and IP cores.
Automation and Control: Current activities focus on Internet Of Things Architecture and M2M applications based on the CSE’s AMRG – an Advanced Modem Router Gateway open platform for M2M and remote control and monitoring applications
Defence/Space: Vast experience in the design and development of Military and recently Space products and subsystems (analogue and digital field terminals, retrofit of military electronic/avionics sub-systems, interface and control subsystems realized in VHDL for use in FPGAs, video sub-systems, IP cores for the SpaceWire family of protocols).
Automated Test Equipment: The involvement of the company’s staff in diverse projects and products throughout the years has led to the adoption of modern and sophisticated testing techniques and disciplines for the validation/verification of complex systems and sub-systems both for functional and production testing. The result is the implementation of Automated Test Equipment to cover application specific requirements based on state of the art market available T&M tools and test platforms.
♡ My name is Tracy, 26 years old from Henderson: Havent done this kind of thing before. I can cook. So i come on here to find some freaks ,but hopefully not actual freaks! Have a good sense of humour
♡ My name is Alma, 29 years old from Hartford: I am very easy going. Someone that can spoil me. I want it from a man Sex where he agrees to use a condom the first time we ask. Come and get me!i'm unique!i won't regret if u text me. I like all positions except anal.
Tags: Naked beach: Top Free Pics of Hi there! You are at the best site, called Beach Hunters Voyeur creativetechnologies.info primary idea of this site is to provide communication and entertainment for those interested in watching topless and nude people over wild beaches (we call it beach hunting).
Not sure how to improve your credit score? Let us help. Our credit repair company knows how to fix bad credit!
While most national department store and all-purpose bank credit card accounts will be included in your file, not all creditors supply information to agencies. These may include travel, entertainment and gasoline card companies, local retailers, and credit unions.
How we do it Best credit cards of 2018Best rewards cardsBest cash back cardsBest travel cardsBest balance transfer cardsBest 0% APR cardsBest student cardsBest cards for bad credit Raising your credit score is a wonderful side effect of credit repair
November 2016 Search Some Credit Repair Clinics Use Illegal Tactics Share this page on G+ Our clients have had their credit problems resolved in 90 days or less on average.
This book is worth the price and more. After reading this book you will have a better understanding of the credit repair process. Good Job. How to Use Goodwill Letters to Remove Negative Credit Report Entries
See All 73 Reviews » The Insider Public Computers Who Can Look at Your Credit Report Building your credit Our Policies for Ask Experian: The information contained in Ask Experian is for educational purposes only and is not legal advice. You should consult your own attorney or seek specific advice from a legal professional regarding your particular situation. Please understand that Experian policies change over time. Posts reflect Experian policy at the time of writing. While maintained for your information, archived posts may not reflect current Experian policy. The Ask Experian team cannot respond to each question individually. However, if your question is of interest to a wide audience of consumers, the Experian team will include it in a future post. © 2018 Experian Information Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Experian and the Experian marks used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Experian Information Solutions, Inc. Other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
Designer Men’s A Lexington Law Representative is Waiting to Hear From You… Does it work? The site includes testimonials from satisfied users who say they saw a marked improvement in their scores. One client said her score went up by 237 points while another said he was able to remove all the negative marks on his credit report within 30 days.
Thank you! I will be calling sky blue. I’ve spent 1,000 on Lexington law and got little results with removing items from my credit report..I actually removed some my self that were way over 7 years old by just pulling my credit report my self and calling them. Another issue with Lexington was they were picking and choosing which to remove vs the initial plan we had discussed which Has me still needing to seek credit repair agencies to see if I can get help with those since they are hugely impacting my score!
How Do You Get a Car Back After Repossession? Get a plan As a consumer, you are entitled to a free credit report every twelve (12) months. All you have to do is go to Annual Credit Report .com, follow the directions and presto, you have a free copy of your credit report from all three credit bureaus; Trans Union, Equifax and Experian. You may be given the opportunity to pay a fee to get your credit scores and you can of course choose to do so, but you don’t have to.
Legal Clinics Arts Commission, Indiana Fill out our quick non-obligation form below and have an agent contact you.
For typical clients, according to the CFPB, the companies sent “dispute letters” to the national credit bureaus challenging “much of the negative information” in clients’ credit reports, “even if that information was accurate and not obsolete.” The companies then allegedly failed to follow up to see whether the credit bureaus identified the challenged items as being in dispute by the consumer, and never determined whether they had raised clients’ credit scores.
Jerry • July 4, 2015 Instead: Regularly check your accounts, and make sure you know the state of each card you own. It could save you a world of trouble in the future.
San Antonio Would you like to report poor quality or formatting in this book? Click here Write a customer review
Trusted leaders in credit repair for a reason 3.4 Mind 2018’s Best Student Loan Refinancing Services My Credit Group About Me
Supervision & Examinations All credit repair services must work directly with the three credit reporting bureaus. Anyone who tries to tell you that you can get credit repair services without dealing with any bureaus will be a scam. You must make sure that any changes that are made to your credit report during the credit repair process is handled with direct contact to a service provider.
Monitor your credit to ensure that there is no mistake or that there is no one using your information
Polski (Polska) Your Credit Repair Companion Best of luck to you and you are doing the right thing by bouncing back and getting on the right track. Sky Blue Credit is an awesome company to go with and I can speak from personal experience. SimplyThriftyLiving did a great job outlining the best credit repair companies and it sounds like you have a great plan in mind once you get on solid ground with your multi-family strategy of buying apartments and renting the out.
I just signed up with Lexington Law, however I tried them about a year ago and was skeptical so I cancelled. I signed up again, because I am really trying to repair my credit. $99 a month seems a bit much and how do you know if anything can be removed. I asked and I really got no response of if they could or couldn’t remove them. I also asked about paying of a credit card that was on my report if I wanted to use them again, no response or guidance. They say they removed 15 items and I just signed up a week ago, but they still show on my report. I don’t wan to spend countless money on a credit repair and they are not helping. Most companies are scams, one said $20 per deletion and $100 per judgment and bankruptcies. I just want my score to increase, item permanently removed from a real reputable company, without them taking your money and you see no results. How can you obtain POSTIVE CREDIT and you have horrible credit, can you obtain a new card with previous credit card companies? Someone please advise.
How to get a personal loan You’ve almost certainly seen or heard pitches for “credit repair” services promising to clean up your credit problems, reduce your debt or even raise your credit scores by 100 points or more.
Variable APR of 14.74%, 18.74% or 24.74% will be applied Email: Mortgage © Discover Bank, Member FDIC What your credit mix is made up of IRA CD rates
Cap Markets “Proportion of credit lines used (proportion of balances to total credit limits on certain types of revolving accounts)” [3]
Wealth Planning Oberlechner says the key to overcoming a bad money habit lies in knowing when you’re using the impulsive, right side of your brain — as opposed to the focused, concentrated left side — in financial decision-making.
The content on MoneyCrashers.com is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as professional financial advice. Should you need such advice, consult a licensed financial or tax advisor. References to products, offers, and rates from third party sites often change. While we do our best to keep these updated, numbers stated on this site may differ from actual numbers. We may have financial relationships with some of the companies mentioned on this website. Among other things, we may receive free products, services, and/or monetary compensation in exchange for featured placement of sponsored products or services. We strive to write accurate and genuine reviews and articles, and all views and opinions expressed are solely those of the authors.
Index to Opinions John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Adam Levy owns shares of AMZN and WFC. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AMZN and MA. The Motley Fool recommends AXP, EXPN, and SYF. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. The Motley Fool receives compensation from some advertisers who provide products and services that may be covered by our editorial team. It’s one way we make money. But know that our editorial integrity and transparency matters most and our ratings aren’t influenced by compensation. The statements above are The Motley Fool’s alone and have not been provided or endorsed by bank advertisers. Review The Motley Fool’s ratings methodology to uncover how we pick the best credit cards.
There are plenty of other ways that credit influences your life that you may not have even considered. To explore further, I reached out to some of the top credit and lending experts out there — here are their top five lesser-known ways credit can impact your life.
Pay your bills on time, every month, without fail. Over time, this step alone can boost your credit score into the next level.
Why Should I Check my Credit History and Credit Score? EXTENDED 0% INTRO APR OFFER Learn more about how to build credit and the benefits of good credit.
214.501.5382 The Payer Mix is Changing – Are You Prepared? eddie Q: What are the warning signs that a credit repair offer could be a scam? Licensing & Reprints
Customer reviews Firefly Advertiser Disclosure: Some of the offers that appear on this website are from companies which ValuePenguin receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where offers appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). The site does not review or include all companies or all available products. For more information please see our Advertiser Disclosure.
SunTrust’s program lets credit card holders view their FICO score wfrom the bank’s online and mobile banking platforms. The score is updated monthly, lists 12 months of history and gives two factors affecting individuals’ scores.
What are the minimum requirements for a FICO® Score? Copyright Full Beaker, Inc. 2018; Some Images Copyright © 123RF Stock Photos | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
To quality for this credit card you do not need to have credit history, but you do need a job. By having a job you will show a stable source of income, which shows credit lenders you are responsible and can pay your bills. In addition you will need a security deposit. That means if you want a $1,000 credit limit, you’ll need to have $1,000 deposited at account opening. The online application is four simple steps that can be completed in 10 minutes. They request basic personal and financial information, have you choose the starting credit limit you prefer, and fund your security deposit. Your requested credit limit is subject to approval based on your creditworthiness.
Actual lost wages that would have been earned in the United States, its territories or possessions, whether partial or whole days, for time reasonably and necessarily taken off work and away from your work premises solely as a result of your efforts to amend or rectify records as to your true name or identity as a result of a Stolen Identity Event. Actual lost wages includes remuneration for vacation days, discretionary days, floating holidays, and paid personal days.
What Is A Beacon Score? Learn Your Credit Score Lingo Another option: Getting a junior credit card, which is intended to teach young adults and children good credit habits by allowing them to use a card connected to an adult’s account.
A good credit score typically ranges between 680 and 750. Consumers who fall within this spectrum tend to qualify for excellent interest rates, credit cards and loans. However, what constitutes a good credit score is far more nuanced. In reality, the range of scores will depend on both the exact credit scoring model being used and its purpose.
Why is my Credit Report important? I don’t have a credit card because i’m scared to be in debt. I pay my bills using cash and my bank card. Am i doing the right thing?
How do credit repair programs work? Our Promise to You. U.S. Citizens Traveling Abroad Free Credit Reports
We pride ourselves in understanding each client’s situation so we can tailor each plan of action according to their needs. Since this company was founded, we thought that integrity, commitment, and our client’s trust were the keys to our success.
But the truth is that while it’s nice to boast that you’ve maxed out your credit score, it’s almost impossible to achieve the magical 850. It’s also entirely unnecessary. There is no lender or credit product that requires you to have a credit score of 850 in order to be approved. There is no lender or credit product that requires you to have a credit score of 850 in order to earn the best terms. In fact, your credit scores can be 90 to 130 points off the maximum and still result in your getting approved for the best deals from mainstream lenders.
How do credit repair services work? As you were browsing our site, something about your browser made us think you were a bot. Getting Your Credit Score There are many different credit scores available to lenders, and they each develop their own credit score range. Why is that important? Because if you get your credit score, you need to know the credit score range you are looking at so you understand where your number fits in. Here are the credit score ranges used by major scoring models:
Prepaid Cards To: Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card Good Credit: 700 to 749 What to watch out for Brandon Weaver
WATCH FULL EPISODES | TV SCHEDULE Equifax credit reports & credit scores Infographic: Reading a Credit Report Anyone who denies you credit, housing, insurance, or a job because of a credit report must give you the name, address, and telephone number of the credit reporting agency (CRA) that provided the report. Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), you have the right to request a free report within 60 days if a company denies you credit based on the report.
590-619: $3,482 Some lenders use Vantage scores to determine your credit risk before offering you credit. But Vantage scores are educational scores. They help you track factors and trends over time in your credit history that influence all three of your scores.
Source: iStock However, it is possible to repair your credit on your own for free. That’s also part of the rights protected under the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Just be warned that do-it-yourself results can vary, even if you think you know what you’re doing.
FICO® Score Program. The FICO® Score Program is for educational purposes and for your non-commercial, personal use. This benefit is available only for primary cardholders with an open and active consumer credit card account who have a FICO® Score available. The feature is accessible through Online Banking, the Mobile website, and the Mobile Banking app for iPhone and Android devices. Your FICO® Score is based on data from TransUnion® and may be different from other credit scores. Your FICO® Score is created using Fair Isaac Corporation’s proprietary model and is solely determined by the information in your file at TransUnion at the time your FICO® Score is calculated. Bank of America and other lenders may use other credit scores and additional information to make credit decisions. TransUnion and Fair Isaac are third parties not affiliated with Bank of America and Bank of America makes no representation or warranty related to the FICO® Score. FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and other countries. Requesting your FICO® Score as a part of the FICO® Score Program will not negatively impact your score. Bank of America and Fair Isaac Corporation are not credit repair organizations as defined under federal or state law, including the Credit Repair Organizations Act. Bank of America and Fair Isaac Corporation do not provide “credit repair” services or advice or assistance regarding “rebuilding” or “improving” your credit record, credit history or credit rating. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
Report Credit Repair Fraud Use both installment (level payments for a set time) loans and credit cards.
Cancelling a Credit Card Top Content Your legal rights in a written contract that also includes details about the services they perform
Common car loan mistakes people make: Credit.com App One of the reasons that people are wary of credit repair companies – and credit repair, in general – is that the industry has a reputation for being scammy. It isn’t all that surprising. Scammers love to prey on people’s desperation. The more panicked you are about a situation, the easier it is to convince you to make a hasty decision.
In a new report on credit scores in America, MagnifyMoney analyzed trends in credit scores. The trends offer insight into how Americans fare with their credit health. Populations Served
credit repair houston | credit repair philadelphia | credit repair software reviews | how to improve your credit score
Here’s a good example of when a reputable credit repair service can help you do something you may not be able to accomplish yourself. If you have a collection account that’s been sold to a few different debt collectors, it may appear on your credit report multiple times. That information is accurate but having that one debt dinging your credit score multiple times may not meet the “fair” standard Padawer mentioned.
Yes, consistancy of paying bills on time is critical to your score, and having available credit and not using more than 30% on each credit card shows responsibility..ive sat down amd talked to somebody who specializes in credit and credit repar, a legit professiinal..dont get more than 2 or 3 secured credit cards, dint spend more than 30% on each one and whatever you spend pay off right away..a vehicle loan can help some to..jyst live within your means and be responsible and your score will climb.there is no overnight fix, you just have to build cr3dit history, everybody does..640 is bottom line score a top banker told ke, 680 is much better, and 720 is much more easy to work with, 750 or higher is pretty good shape and you will get better offers..i was younger and made key mistakes and economy recession hurt a lot..but get back on the horse and get grinding away to bring your score back up..lifes much more easy being able to get loans for a home, car, whatever..im planning on buying a home in 2017 ..but no rush because i wanna really do my best on doimg my home work and educating myself on making the very best deal on a home..
If someone has opened accounts in your name, without your knowledge, you could be the victim of Identity Theft. The best first place to start managing identity theft is IdentityTheft.gov. This is a government website that enables you to report an identity theft and get a recovery plan. As part of that plan, you will be encouraged to freeze your credit and file disputes with the credit bureaus. It is critical to keep a good paper trail.
With that being said, I went to apply for a personal loan to be added to my 5,500 loan for $3,500 to pay off the CC debt and eliminate the high interest rate payments (saving me over $100 a month), but was declined due to increase of debt. So I guess my question is, how is someone to pay off other debts if credit unions are judging your debt off a mortgage payment? My debt to income has not changed since the original loan and I have a “fair” credit score according to a credit simulator. I just purchased a home which wiped out my savings, so what is my best option here?
In general, you should try to keep credit card balances low. When you consolidate the cards you’re consolidating will have much lower credit utilization ratios, but your overall ratio will remain the same. However, the lower interest rate you’re paying during the introductory period means you can pay more toward your balance each month, helping lower your overall credit utilization more quickly.
Other ways credit card consolidation can hurt your credit include applying for a new line of credit which will result in a hard inquiry on your credit report, adding a new credit account that can lower the average age of your credit history, and getting a new personal loan. All of these things will show that you have a high level of outstanding debt (your scores should improve as your remaining balance shrinks from where it started).
If you want to learn how to repair credit fast, you need to learn how credit score works. There are five different factors that are utilized by credit scoring companies to discover that magical three digital number. What many people do not realize is that, through understanding these five factors, you not only have greater control over your credit score, but now you can begin utilizing credit to your advantage. Here are the five factors used to create someone’s credit score:
A secured credit card, in particular, is the ideal tool for rebuilding credit. They offer nearly guaranteed approval because you’ll need to place a security deposit that will double as your spending limit. Secured cards are also far less expensive than unsecured credit cards for people with bad credit. And you can’t tell them apart from unsecured cards on a credit report.
The first step and tip that we can offer anyone interest in fast credit repair is to look at their credit report. This single document contains so much information that it’s quite easy for there to be minor mistakes, and even major mistakes. With that being said, take the time to receive your annual free copy of your credit report and analyze the entire document. Look at your address, previous loans, and even inquiries to see if everything is truthful. When it comes to inquiries, they should not be posted for more than two years. If there are any inquiries longer than this, they should be removed. In any case, if there are any discrepancies, credit holders have the power to file a claim to remove the falsified information. In many cases, through doing this, it can significantly improve your credit score.
Typically this is how these companies work: Instead of obtaining a new loan to pay off your credit cards, the debt management company tries to negotiate with the credit card companies to reduce your interest rates or otherwise lower your monthly payments. Each month, you make a single payment to the debt consolidation firm and it distributes a portion of your payment to each of your creditors. Usually, it also keeps a portion (or sometimes all) of your payment to cover its own fees.
There are a lot of myths out there about credit scoring – hopefully we can help you understand FICO scoring, so you can take action to build your score. There are five major components FICO uses to determine a credit score. Fortunately, understanding the secret sauce can help you build a strong score and healthy credit report. Both a 700+ score and healthy credit report will help keep the rest of your financial life cheaper by enabling you to get lower interest rates on loans and approved for top-tier financial products.
Credit reports typically have a space for you to provide your comments at the bottom: explaining why a particular debt hasn't been paid or to point out any factual errors. While this is another area of recourse, with the credit bureaus you're seen as guilty until proven innocent, and the burden's on you to correct things. When you write to the credit bureau, be sure to send copies (not the originals) of any proof that can be used.
I just purchased a home (284K debt) and have two small CC’s (under 2K each) that I put at a high utilization after I purchased the home. Also, I took out a $5,500 loan from my credit union to help with some home improvement. I’ve been making my payments on time and paying more than the interest rates on the CC’s. Aside from this debt, I have a car loan through my credit union that I have been paying on time for over a year and student loans.
Isolating your financial needs on different credit-card accounts will help you get the best possible terms on every transaction that you make. For example, you could get the best cash-back credit card for everyday expenses, the best travel rewards card for airfare and hotel reservations, and the best balance-transfer card for reducing the cost of your existing debt.
This offer edges out competitors with the longest 0% intro period and standout perks. The Amex EveryDay® Credit Card from American Express has increased value with an intro 0% for 15 Months on purchases and balance transfers, then 14.74%-25.74% Variable APR and a $0 balance transfer fee. (For transfers requested within 60 days of account opening.) In addition to the great balance transfer offer, you can earn rewards — 2x points at US supermarkets, on up to $6,000 per year in purchases (then 1x), 1x points on other purchases.
If your current credit score isn’t great, take measures to improve it. Payment history and credit utilization can make up to 70% of a credit score, according to Experian, so simply paying your bills on time and keeping your balances low can be a tremendous help. You can also help your score by only applying for new credit only when absolutely necessary and getting a head start at paying your loans off now, if possible.
The Capital One® Secured Mastercard® is another option for those who want to strengthen their credit score. This card offers a potentially lower minimum security deposit than other cards, starting as low as $49, based on creditworthiness. Be aware the lower deposit is not guaranteed and you may be required to deposit $99 or $200. You can deposit more before your account opens and get a maximum credit limit of $1,000.
Personal Loans: With the rise of marketplace lenders, obtaining a personal loan with a low interest rate has become increasingly easy. Most lenders will allow you to shop for an interest rate without hurting your credit score. You should shop around for the best rate online at websites like MagnifyMoney or NerdWallet, where you can find variable interest rates as low as 4.74%.
Debt management companies will often use marketing language that makes them sound like consolidation loans. Typically, a debt management company will ask you to start paying them instead of the credit card companies. These companies will hold the money in an escrow account and will not pay the credit card bills. As a result, your accounts will become delinquent. Your credit score will be negatively impacted. And collection calls will be initiated.
It sounds like you are in a Catch-22 – you can’t pay down your debt without consolidating, and you can’t consolidate until you pay down your debt. That makes me think that you could be a good candidate for credit counseling. A credit counseling agency does not care about your credit scores. Your interest rates and payments will likely be reduced, and you will have a plan for paying back your debt in a reasonable period of time. We talked about that more in this article: Does Credit Counseling Work?
One of the quick credit repair tactics to consider first is seeing if you can increase the credit limits on your current accounts. And this is just a matter of reaching out to your credit card companies and requesting a credit limit increase. According to FICO, 30% of your credit score is tied to the amount owed on your credit accounts. A primary way they evaluate this is something called your credit utilization ratio. The ratio is simply a matter of how much you owe vs your credit limits.
In 2008, American households carried $280 billion in debt. While debt dwindled in the following years, in 2017 the country hit another record – $13 trillion in household debt, including mortgages, car loans, credit card debt and student loans, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. If you, too, are struggling with debt and you're looking for some strategies to reduce what you owe, try implementing these smart money-management habits.
If your credit score is pretty good, but not good enough to get you the interest rate you want, you may be able to improve it by taking out a small loan and repaying it as promised – in other words, by adding some positive activity to your credit history. Also, because installment loans add to your mix of credit, obtaining one might improve your score.
If you’re thinking about filing for bankruptcy, be aware that bankruptcy laws require that you get credit counseling from a government-approved organization within six months before you file for bankruptcy relief. You can find a state-by-state list of government-approved organizations at www.usdoj.gov/ust, the website of the U.S. Trustee Program. That’s the organization within the U.S. Department of Justice that supervises bankruptcy cases and trustees. Be wary of credit counseling organizations that say they are government-approved, but don’t appear on the list of approved organizations.
The Bank of America® Travel Rewards Credit Card for Students allows you to earn unlimited 1.5 points for every $1 you spend on all purchases everywhere, every time and no expiration on points. This is a simple flat-rate card that doesn’t require activation or paying on time to earn the full amount of points per dollar, like the other two cards mentioned above. If you plan to do a semester abroad or often travel outside the U.S., this card is a good choice since there is no foreign transaction fee. Students with a Bank of America® checking or savings account can experience the most benefits with this card since you receive a 10% customer points bonus when points are redeemed into a Bank of America® checking or savings account. And, Preferred Rewards clients can increase that bonus 25%-75%.Read our roundup of the best student credit cards.
Conduct some research on attorneys ahead of time. Read reviews online and consider meeting with more than one attorney in your area. Your bankruptcy attorney will help put together the forms required to file Chapter 13. This includes a bankruptcy petition, debt and income schedules, and a Chapter 13 repayment plan you have worked on with your attorney to create.
You could consolidation the loans with a federal Direct Consolidation Loan. The Department of Education will issue you a new loan and use the money to pay off your existing loans. If you include your defaulted loan, that loan will be paid off, and your new consolidation loan will be current. To be eligible, you must agree to either repay the consolidation loan with an income-driven repayment plan or to make three monthly payments on your defaulted loan before applying for consolidation.
Closing out delinquent accounts or those with a history of late payments can also help, as long as you've paid them off in full. Because history is important, if you do decide to close a few more accounts, close the newest ones first. The length of your credit history is 15% of your score, so even after you've paid down your balances, keep your oldest cards open. Be sure use these cards to make occasional purchases (then pay the bills in full), so the card company won't close your account for inactivity.
I decided to work on my credit report because my goal is to buy a house. I was on YouTube and saw a video of Brandon Weaver discussing on how to remove the negative reports from my credit report. He sounded so convincing I decided to place an order. I received samples of the letters within 10 mins from purchasing it. I had 7 negative items on my report but when I sent out those letters the credit bureaus delete 4. I'm currently working on getting the other 3 removed with letter #2. This section 609 really works. Can't wait til the other 3 are removed so I can work on finally buying my house and refinancing my car. And take those dream vacations like Brandon. Thank you!!
Hybrid loan option: CommonBond offers a unique “Hybrid” rate option in which rates are fixed for five years and then become variable for five years. This option can be a good choice for borrowers who intend to make extra payments and plan on paying off their student loans within the first five years. If you can a better interest rate on the Hybrid loan than the Fixed-rate option, you may end up paying less over the life of the loan.
You also may not want to close your old credit cards, as this can potentially ding your credit scores as well. By keeping your old credit cards open, you will not lower your credit utilization. Your credit utilization counts toward 30% of your credit score, and that’s why it’s important to keep that ratio low — under 30% and, optimally, less than 10% of your credit limits, overall and on individual cards.
Despite anyone's diligence in managing their money wisely, sometimes financial hardships happen because of a job loss, medical condition, divorce, or other life events. If you have problems making ends meet, contact your creditors or a legitimate non-profit agency that specializes in credit counseling services for assistance. Do this as soon as possible to see how consolidated debt can help relieve the burden of financial stresses. The longer you wait, the more challenges you'll encounter. Consolidating debt is often your best alternative in these situations, and a counselor can help you with the process.
Most employer-provided retirement plans permit participants to borrow from their own savings. Since it's your money, there's no credit check or qualifying hoops to jump through. You can generally borrow up to half of your vested retirement balance, up to $50,000. The interest rate may be one or two percentage points higher than the Prime Rate, which recently was around 4%. You usually have up to five years to pay back money used for consolidating credit card debt. Miss that deadline and you may owe income tax and potentially a 10% fee on the remaining balance.
Here’s some background to help demystify the process. Your credit score utilizes historical data from your credit report to predict your future risk of default. The information on your credit report is usually an accurate reflection of your financial life. And finally, your financial life is a subset of the rest of your life. So if you’re having hard times, more than likely it will show up in your financial life, credit report and then credit score.
While it seems to make sense to pay off all of your old delinquent debts, this strategy can sometimes backfire and drop your score further. If a credit account is simply overdue and shows as outstanding debt, paying it off will improve your score – though it won't eradicate the record of late payments. But if you have an old debt on your credit report that has been charged off by the lender – meaning that they do not expect further payments – setting up a new payment plan can re-activate the debt and make it appear to be more current than it actually is. This is often the case with debt that has been turned over to a collection agency. The agency may register the debt with credit bureaus as new rather than reporting it against the written-off debt.
All credit scores are based on the contents of your credit reports. Any errors in those reports can cause undeserved credit-score damage. They can also indicate fraud. So check your reports, dispute any errors you find, and take steps to protect yourself from identity theft if necessary. In particular, look for collections accounts, public records, late payments and other bad credit-score influencers.
That takes care of your existing credit accounts. To help establish positive credit history, you might contemplate opening new credit accounts in various categories. Showing that you can handle fixed payments as well as credit cards is a plus in the long term. An installment loan for furniture, an auto or a personal loan will round out your credit profile. You might also consider a secured credit card (make sure the issuer reports to the major credit bureaus) if you do not qualify for other types of new credit. Lastly, apply for credit only if you need it and if you can afford new payments. Credit applications generate inquiries on your credit report, which could ding your score in the short term.
How it works: A student credit card is the same as a regular credit card but typically has a lower credit limit. The lower limit is due to the smaller income students have compared with adults. Your teen can use their student card just like you’d use your card. However, student cards tend to have higher interest rates than non-student cards — making it all the more important for your teen to pay on time and in full each month.
The Discover it® Secured is a standout secured card that provides cardholders the opportunity to earn cash back while building credit. A cashback program is hard to find with secured cards, and the Discover it® Secured offers 2% cash back at restaurants & gas stations on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter. Plus, 1% cash back on all your other purchases. In addition, there is a new cardmember offer where Discover will match ALL the cash back earned at the end of your first year, automatically. This is a great way to get a lot of rewards without needing to do any extra work.
Something doesn’t sound right. If they lowered or settled your balances – then that makes sense – and still not sure if something should be charged off if the creditor agreed to accept a lower amount. And, if the creditors agreed to lower interest rates – not sure why that would be considered a charge off. Debt consolidation 20 years ago is not done the same way as it is now, there is many new regulations in place to protect you.
You're the best. My mom added me as an authorized user to a couple of her cards (when I was 12, and she never even told me about it), but they're at 99% utilization and have late payments! I'm still in the process of trying to get myself removed from those, and getting those accounts completely removed from my credit report, not just listed as closed accounts.
Anyone who ever had a grandmother or grandfather should know that rushing a family recipe or lovingly-crafted process never works. There are an ingredient and a philosophy that can’t be touched or seen by the human eye but can be only be missed when that special knot doesn’t hold, or the meal flops bigger than a bass on holiday – tradition. Fast credit repair is like grabbing something in a box and expecting it to taste like “grandma used to make.” Unless the grandmother was a chemist and her kitchen was stocked with additives that may or may not put a lab rat down for the count that good, old-fashioned taste is most likely missing. Unfortunately, those who used those “pay-me-now” fast credit repair places and the rodent with digestive issues probably stand about the same chance of being approved for a new credit card. No animals are ever harmed when credit repair is done correctly – it simply takes time.
You’re entitled to a free credit report if a company takes “adverse action” against you, like denying your application for credit, insurance, or employment. You have to ask for your report within 60 days of receiving notice of the action. The notice includes the name, address, and phone number of the consumer reporting company. You’re also entitled to one free report a year if you’re unemployed and plan to look for a job within 60 days; if you’re on welfare; or if your report is inaccurate because of fraud, including identity theft.
I was actually scammed by The Alternative Loan Machine $4,200. I know them. They are local to me. I paid them for work on my credit that they assured me would be done. It wasn’t done. They promised a refund. It’s been 3 months and the refund never came. Now, no one answers their phone, returns calls, or is on line at their chat “Help Desk” anymore. All the assurances of preventing scams and ensuring work, ended up all being B.S.
Makin Noodles...I always am interested in things that happen where folks live...here we live on the edge of the "Great Palouse" ...this is an area of farming, and though folks frequently ask, we do not grow potatoes here ;-) Our farmland in the area is not flat...as you can see from this photo, the combines have levelers on them, so they can work the side hills.......The area is covered in wheat, barely, lentils and garbanzo beans. There are some areas of Canola too, which, in bloom is a spectacular yellow color.
We have a wheat field directly out the back door of our house. The farmers call it the "Peanut field" seems it is shaped liked a peanut. It took the guys a little less than an hour to harvest the field of 35 acres. This soft white wheat that they grow here, is headed for the orient. Almost all the grain grown in this area is headed to Japan, China, Hong Kong, and the rest of Asia for use in making those lovely soft noodles used in their cuisine. So, the wheat is off the field now, and will take a slow journey to its final destination. The wheat will most likely be loaded on a barge, and barged down the Columbia river. Lewiston is the US's most inland port, a mere 400+ miles from the Pacific Ocean.....Through a series of locks the barges make the long trip to the Columbia river bar at Astoria, OR, and then they head out to sea.
We are always a little relived to have the ripe/heavy wheat removed. The removal of this will cut our fire danger down a whole lot. An unharvested wheat field has a whole lot of fuel in it, and we are glad to see it lessen a bit. And...to think that our little kernels of wheat will someday be someone in China's lunch or dinner.....yep, makin noodles ;- )
All my horses are at home now....for a bit at least, as we hopefully will be taking HeartBreaker up to Trainer Mike for a late summer/fall training and showing season. We gathered up the foals that were out away from the ranch,Hattie had been staying with a babysitter, while I took a few days off, and I also brought Legacy home from Trainer Mike after our show last Saturday. Trainer Mike rode her in an Intro A test, and then we switched to the next step up and rode her in a Training Level 1 test..... That second ride of the day produced BLUE for Legacy and Mike, winning the TL 1 test class....Trainer Mike had been working on Legacy's canter, they handled it just fine for a young horse. The judge also had time to add a few pointers and Mike had the option of riding the test again. He opted for schooling the canter instead, and with the judge encouraging him to let her open up, they rode the canter much better....Trainer Mike tends to be a bit conservative, we both realize that our young horses have years and years to develope, we don't not want to push too hard..... but the judge really encouraged him to let her go more forward , accept contact, as she totally trusts him, and it was lovely. I brought Legacy home after the show, and put her to babysitting youngsters. We also confirmed yesterday that she is in foal to HeartBreaker for a spring 2010 foal. That is exciting news, both the parents of this foal are dressage winners! Proving their potential out in the public, in open shows against all sorts of other breeds.....We are very excited about this young filly's talent, our very first homebred to hit the show ring, and a huge future in the world of dressage. Legacy also has a whole lot of growing left to do, at 15.2HH as a 3 year old, we are excited about what she can do for our program. The judge also commented on her gaits, her MIND and her potential, when she grows into her gangly body as she matures.....This is one very awesome curly filly.
In early July we had some very special visitors to the ranch....My niece from Missouri came with her family, ages 3 weeks ( yes, weeks!) to 12 years...her three oldest kids are bonus kids, and she has 2 youngins aged 2 1/2 and 3 weeks.....Cassie, came with a plan in mind...find something to love and ride ;-) We made use again, of our nurse mare, pony mare, "Addy" tacked her up in a halter and lead rope and sent Cassie off riding...they stand at the fence, wondering what adventures could happen outside that wall......Cassie had a blast, trotting around on Addy, finding her own legs sored pretty easy, and dreaming of cantering down the trail in the future. We had a wonderful time with all our family members, the older kids are gracious and kind and love their new siblings.....!
While the boys were exploring in the hay barn, they came across some of the local young skunks....we had been having trouble with skunks in our barn, dinning on our cat food...so, this trip for the family was filled with tales of skunks and ponies...you can not get any truer to farm life than that!
woohooo !!! It is the 4 th of July...a time that America celebrates and remembers our past.....and a time that we are so very thankful of our military troops that help to keep us free. My Dad was a WWII vet...he spent 4 years overseas, first in Africa, then in Italy......after he passed away in 2007, I found his war picture album...all those places in pics.....he looked so young, he must have been amazingly brave to travel the world and defend our freedom. His pic album is a real treasure, he had told me of those pics often, but could not remember where he had put the album, so we never got to look through it together....and sadly, not ONE single pic, had a place or date on it....some pics are obvious....Africa is pretty easy to spot, as is Rome.....but I surely wish I knew where some of the other photos were taken....
Photos are a legacy that we leave behind for our heirs and the next generations.....a treasure to share for certain....
Enjoy your day, remember that because of soldiers of wars past...we are all free !!! and Happy 4th of July !!!
Anyone out there remember "Fat Albert?" ....I do not suppose it is even politically correct to say that title anymore.....Fat Albert was a cartoon about a rather plump, but cheery kid...who always said...."hey,hey,hey!" so, I am just quoting him on this topic.
Monday and Tuesday, we hauled in our hay....18 ton of round bales this year...we use round bales late in the summer, and then early in the spring, when we have mare in for foaling and breeding season. We still have a good supply of alfalfa left for our broodmares in the winter....our weanlings will come off pasture in the late summer, and they will spend their days in our pasture here by the house, with a round bale, and supplemental grain....
It is always a chess game here, seems no matter how many pastures or stalls I have, I could use more....but...hey, hey, hay....that is life!
BookLovers of Bath is based in a real shop, Fact or Fable, in Peasedown St. John near Bath. The shop stock is held separately from the internet stock and you'll find an eclectic mix of good books at bargain prices should you take the chance to visit.
WELCOME TO FLOWER DELIVERY PHILIPPINES! flower delivery flower delivery The Philippines is known for its colorful culture and ecosystem. Filipinos used to celebrate many occasions and seasons such as birthday, weddings, anniversary, inaugurations, mother’s day, valentines day, and much more. The number one need for each occasion is the http://mariogvjyl.bloginwi.com/5783672/funeral-flowers-delivery-in-the-philippines
Title Indexing Services is a leading and also expert India based primarily data entry services company business. They provide sensible data entry services for all styles of documents. Title Indexing Services was Great for us. They did information catching and also, at the time formatting problems wound up taken http://tysonjxhrb.dsiblogger.com/6706590/the-2-minute-rule-for-effective-data-entry-services
Copyright © 2018 Bookmarkspiders. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Nick Triani gives his personal recommendations as to who you should be catching at this years relocated Sideways festival. ... Read more
Norman is a yoga teacher very cherished by his students, who wanted to surprise him on his birthday.
It is believed that all-metal hip replacements, which consist of a metal acetabular cup and metal femoral head, can shed minute particles of cobalt and chromium into surrounding tissue, and even into a patient’s blood stream. This can result in a condition called metallosis, which causes the death of tissue around the implant, including bone and muscle. Metal ions can also cause irreversible damage to DNA in cells, and have been found in many organs following hip replacements, including marrow, blood, liver, kidneys and bladder.
Metal-on-metal hip implants have been the subject of safety concerns since the August 2010 global recall of DePuy Orthopaedic’s ASR hip implants. In May of last year, the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) asked 21 makers of metal-on-metal hip implants to conduct safety studies of their devices. In June, the agency will convene a panel of outside advisers to discuss the problems related to metal-on-metal hip replacements. Since then, several studies, including recent reports in The Lancet and the British Medical Journal, have linked metal-on-metal hip implants to premature failure. The authors of The Lancet study went so far as to call for an end to the use of the devices, while the British Medical Journal report warned that hundreds of thousands of people around the world may have been exposed to dangerously high levels of toxic and potentially cancer-causing metals from failing metal-on-metal hip implants.
For the new Journal of Arthroplasty Study, researchers evaluated taper corrosion in 36-mm diameter metal-on-metal and metal-on-polyethylene femoral heads from a single manufacturer retrieved for various reasons. The taper corrosion on 19 all-metal heads and 14 metal-on-polyethylene heads was visually graded on a 5-point scale. The grading revealed:
A total of 8 all-metal heads (42%), compared to only 1 metal-on-polyethylene head (7%), demonstrated corrosion outside of the taper zone.
Metal-on-metal patients who had undergone revisions secondary to adverse local tissue reactions had greater corrosion scores than patients without reactions.
Adverse local tissue reactions in metal-on-metal hip replacements were also likely to exhibit corrosion outside of the taper junction.
The corrosion score increased with implantation time, and at all time intervals, the corrosion score for the all-metal group was greater.
Because corrosion worsens with time, the study authors voiced concern that metal-on-metal hip implant failures due to adverse local tissue reactions will increase with longer follow-up.
This entry was posted in Defective Medical Devices, Depuy, Metal Hip Implants and tagged Metal-on-Metal Hip Implant Defects. Bookmark the permalink.
"Подозрительные" банки Зубков не назвал, так что любой вкладчик не может быть уверен в том, что у банка, которому он доверил свои деньги, все в порядке с законом. При этом следует учесть: если у банка отозвана лицензия, забрать средства из него невозможно, так как на все финансовые операции моментально накладывается запрет.
Claregalway.info is community-curated, and your input is greatly appreciated. If you have any questions, would like to share a story, or spot any bugs on our site, please let us know.
These landmark apartments enjoy excellent views, security, centrality and are hugely popular as rentals.
How convenient for students! The Jammie Shuttle bus stops outside the front door! Cavendish Square – across the road! The rest of Claremont's popular eateries and a huge variety of other shopping are all within walking distance. Enter on foot from Main Road through the concierge-managed main foyer which in turn leads to the communal area. Here you will find the gorgeous pool and paved social area. Or you enter from the basement parking where you have two bays and direct access to your block. Both entrances have excellent security and there is an on-site Management Office to ensure smooth-running of all operations. North-facing, fully furnished, this three bedroom apartment in the Main Road-facing block B has two bathrooms and an open-plan kitchen and living area. This is a corner unit that boast sunlight and warmth, with two open balconies. All modern finishes there is not a thing to be done.
“Pitch Black” – the intense Dark Maze! ALL NEW FOR 2018! Enter the maze with almost no light whatsoever, surrounded by fog and darkness. Navigate through the darkness to find your way out, never knowing what lurks around each corner. Hidden passageways and dead ends await. Get your friends and family together to try your luck and see whether or not you can make it through “Pitch Black!” Get your best price when you buy online! BUY TICKETS NOW!
Art. Yes. That's what Colum McCann produces, every single time. Read all his work. Read his short stories. You'll run out of ink underlining the extraordinary images, the soul-giant gestures, the coined terms, the Irishisms. You'll feel as if the clock of time just wedged itself apart, showed you its gears.
Transatlantic, the new novel, is no different. In fact, I feel this book transcends McCann's National Book Award winner, Let the Great World Spin. There is greater structural integrity, more generational reverb. Most reviewers seem to be talking about the elements of the book—the distinct chapters and historic characters that wend their way through the pages. A 1919 airplane flight. A glimpse of Frederick Douglass, the freeman, in 1845 Ireland. George Mitchell at the height of the Good Friday peace talks in 1998. I believe, however, that the genius lies in the seaming—in all that these chapters actually share, which is to say the generations of women who bind these historic crossings and events. Real people and imagined people populate this book in nearly equal measure. Both have been deeply imagined.
Look, for example, at these three paragraphs. The first two describe an historic character, one of the 1919 pilots. The second describes a McCann creation. History and possibility don't collide here, stiffly. They need one another:
At night Brown spends a lot of his time downstairs in the lobby of the hotel, sending messages to Kathleen. He is timid with the telegraph, aware that others may read his words. There's a formality to him. A tightness.
He is slow on the stairs for a man in his thirties, the walking stick striking hard against the wood floor. Three brandies rolling through him.
An odd disturbance of light falls across the bannister and he catches sight of Lottie Ehrlich in the ornate wooden mirror at the top of the stairs. The young girl is, for a moment, ghostly, her figure emerging into the mirror, then growing clearer, taller, redheaded. She wears a dressing gown and nightdress and slippers. They are both a little startled by the other.
Yesterday I wrote about the sound of McCann's sentences, the legacy he shares with Michael Ondaatje. Today I want to answer the NYTBR reviewer, Erica Wagner, who, in her very lovely review of the book asks why the final chapter of Transatlantic must be written in first person. I suggest (though I'll never actually know) that it all has to do with the book's final sentence. Which could not have been written any other way, and which left me weeping early this morning.
Lovely review -- and now I have another novel to add to my summer reading list. I don't know how you have time to read all these books, but I'm so very glad you do.
(Beaver Dam) We received an update Friday on Community Comment from a member of the committee that is studying state prisons. Among other things, the goals of the prison task […]
(Beaver Dam) State Representative Mark Born says he has been touring various state prisons as part of a task force group. Among other things, the goals of the committee are […]
11/3/17 – The Wisconsin Department of Corrections has two more job fairs planned in Dodge County. There is a career fair Saturday at the Dodge Correctional Institution from 9am to […]
a. These rules govern the Take 5 promotion being conducted by 95.3 WXRO beginning on Wednesday, September 8, 2015 at 6am Central Time and ending on Sunday, January 3, 2016 at 11:59pm Central Time
b. To participate in the Promotion, you may enter via the following method(s): 1. Online at www.wxroradio.com by submitting who you think the winners of the chosen 5 NFL games will be. Entries must be received by Saturday at 11:59 pm the week of the games.
c. To participate in the Promotion, you may log on to www.wxroradio.com and follow the links and instructions to enter the Promotion and submit your first name and last name, complete address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, date of birth and a valid e-mail address in the online entry form. Only one internet entry per person and one internet entry per e-mail address is permitted. Internet entries will be deemed made by the authorized account holder of the email address submitted at the time of entry. The authorized account holder is the natural person who is assigned to the email address by an internet access provider, online service provider or other organization that is responsible for assigning an email address or the domain associated with the submitted email address. Multiple participants are not permitted to share the same email address. Entries submitted will not be acknowledged or returned. Use of any device to automate entry is prohibited. Proof of submission of an entry shall not be deemed proof of receipt by Station. Station’s computer is the official time keeping device for the Promotion. The Station is not responsible for entries not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties or other technological problems. All entrants must agree to the Station’s online submission release in order to submit his or her entry.
a. The Promotion is open to all persons who are 18 years of age or older and who reside in the Dodge County Area. Employees of Station, its licensee, the licensee’s parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities, Station’s advertising and promotional agencies, its participating sponsors, other radio stations in the Dodge County metropolitan area, the members of their immediate families (spouse, parent, sibling or child) and those living in the same household of each (whether related or not), are ineligible to enter or win. This Promotion is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations and is void where prohibited.
b. “Listeners are eligible to win a prize in a Promotion conducted by the Station only once every thirty (30) days and only once every six (6) months if the prize is valued over $600. Only one (1) winner per household is permitted in any Station promotion.”
c. “The winner must provide valid government-issued photo identification and provide their complete address, date of birth and phone number to claim a prize. The winner may also be asked to sign a participant release form.”
d. Entrants are required to provide truthful information and the Station will reject and delete any entry that it discovers to be false or fraudulent. The Station will disqualify any entry from individuals who do not meet the eligibility requirements. The Station will also delete any entry knowingly received from persons under the age of 13 in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
b. Weekly Prizes will be awarded each week: Gift Certificates from Rock River Tap Bar and Grill and a Free Oil Change from Rick Reed Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram
The Approximate Retail Value (ARV) of the combined prizes is $519. The winner will be solely responsible for all taxes and other fees and expenses not specified herein associated with the receipt and use of the Prize. The station accepts no responsibility for repairing any real or supposed damage to any prize.
The gift certificates awarded each week will be subject to the terms and conditions as set forth by the issuer of the gift certificate.
c. All prizes or prize certificates may be picked up at the office of the Station at the address below. The winner will forfeit any prize or prize certificate not claimed within forty-five (45) days of winning. In the event that a prize or prize certificate is mailed to the winner, it will be with the prior written consent of the winner and therefore, winner assumes the risk of its loss. The Station is not responsible for the safe arrival of a prize or prize certificate.
b. There is no substitution, transfer or cash equivalent for prizes, except that the Station may, at its sole discretion, substitute prizes or cash of comparable value. The prizes are expressly limited to the item(s) listed above and unless otherwise expressly specified, do not include taxes, gratuities or any other expenses. Other restrictions may apply.
b. The winner will be selected in a random drawing and will be announced on air during the Morning Show
d. Odds of winning a Qualifying Prize depends upon the number of correct entries that are received each week.
e. The entries for the grand prize will be chosen based on those who guess the five NFL games correctly for each week’s qualification.
f. The winner will be drawn in a random drawing based on all qualified entries. They will be announced on air and notified by phone. The winner must execute and return any required affidavit of eligibility and/or liability/publicity release within ten days of winning or prize will be forfeited and an alternate winner may be selected by random drawing. If a potential winner cannot be contacted, fails to sign and return the required affidavit of eligibility and/or liability/publicity release within the required time period, or if a prize or prize notification is returned as undeliverable, the potential winner forfeits the prize.
a. Payments of all federal, state and local taxes are solely the responsibility of the winner. The winner will be required to complete and submit an IRS Form W-9 with the winner’s full Social Security Number or the equivalent for receipt of any prize valued at $600 or more or for any prizes awarded by the Station (or any other Good Karma station in Station’s market) in a calendar year with an aggregate value of $600 or more. Failure to submit a complete W-9 or equivalent will result in forfeiture of the prize. Such winnings of $600 or more will be reported to the IRS.
b. By participating in the Promotion, the winner agrees to have the winner’s name, voice and likeness used in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to the Promotion without additional financial or other compensation, and, where legal, to sign a publicity release confirming such consent prior to acceptance of the prize.
c. Prior to awarding any prize or prize certificate, the Station, in its sole discretion, may require Promotion winner (and any travel companion(s) or guest(s)) to sign a liability release, agreeing to release and hold harmless the Station, its licensee, the licensee’s parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities, their respective officers, shareholders, directors, employees, agents and representatives and all of their successors and assigns from and against any and all claims or liability arising directly or indirectly from the prize and participation in the Promotion.
d. If for any reason this Promotion cannot be executed as planned, including, but not limited to, as a result of infection by computer virus, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Station that corrupt or affect the security, administration, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Promotion, or if the Promotion is compromised or becomes technically corrupted in any way, electronically or otherwise, the Station reserves the right to cancel, terminate, suspend, or modify the Promotion. If the Promotion is terminated before the original end date, the Station reserves the right to select the winners by random drawing from among all eligible non-suspect entries received as of the termination time/date or otherwise modify the procedure for selecting winners.
e. The Station, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify any person tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Station’s website. Failure to comply with the rules of the Promotion may result in a contestant’s disqualification and/or forfeiture of any prize or prizes. If the Station makes a good faith determination that an entrant has cheated or committed fraudulent activity in connection with a Promotion, the Station reserves the right to disqualify that entrant from entering and/or winning future Promotions and to prosecute and seek damages to the fullest extent permitted by law.
f. The Station reserves the right to make changes in the rules of the Promotion, including, without limitation, the substitution of a prize of equivalent value, which will become effective upon announcement. If due to circumstances beyond the control of the Station, any competition or prize-related event or travel is delayed, rescheduled, postponed or cancelled, the Station reserves the right, but not the obligation, to cancel, terminate, suspend, or modify the Promotion and shall not be required to award a substitute prize.
g. The Station is not responsible for typographical or other errors in the printing, the offering or the administration of the Promotion or in the announcement of a prize.
h. For a copy of these Official Rules, send a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt by December 28, 2015 to “Take 5 – Official Rules, Attn: Promotions, 95.3 WXRO Stoddart St. Beaver Dam, WI 53916. For the names of the prize winners send a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt by Feburary 28, 2016 to the above address marked Take 5- Winner List. The Official Rules and the Winner List (when completed) shall also be available during regular business hours at the main offices of the Station and may be posted online at www.wxroradio.com
a. By use of the Station’s website or by entering the Promotion through the Station’s website, you agree to the website’s Terms of Use Agreement located at www.wxroradio.com and to the use of your personal information as described in the Privacy Policy located at www.wxroradio.com
i work alone on lenaustrasse. is it dangerous to be without a tribe or herd. do natures rules apply in the city?
what s next? it takes discipline to prevent a tailspin of fear, and calmly check the windows and doors of opportunity until the hurricane passes
let the invisible lines that connect us in a city strain taut. play an urban melody. emphasize our interdependence. go out of your way.
dont get me wrong we need facts. but i yearn for something outside of thoughts and thinking. a direct experience with the world that cant be reduced to a mean set of facts.
i remember my brother out there on the surface of mars. i recalibrate my importance here on the streets of berlin.
my inner compass whirls. someone else won something. fools gold is magnetic too. happily, my direction forward is sharpened.
a tarot death to that part of me that says; now, now, now. i become grave digger for television trained impatience. i empty out a bucket-load of ad breaks and fast edits. i swing my empty head up in a pagan salute to the sun.
the two bikes are tangled up around the lamp-post. the wasp surveys the unruly shadows of the sun's new lazy arch.
Dr Frankenstein created and deserted me. humans fear the power of what they create, or fear losing control of what they create?
i dig my teeth into the dirt. the city recedes. my bucket head is cool and quiet in this deep earthen hole. the space between thoughts stretches out in heroic humility.
i pull my metal arm in close against the wind on the museum steps. people go upstairs to feed their aesthetic hunger. our shared experience up on a pedestal.
a plastic bag snags on a branch, the yellow leaves fall onto the streets. a moment of certainty, winter will come. the bag tries to break free in the wind.
citizens are like fresh blood for cities, coursing down pavements and regenerating shop-fronts. change re-oxygenates us and our cities. but the new boss is sucking me dry telling me how to dig....
Fiercely metal , my combustive fuel slowly moves the cogs and wheels and I leave my alchemical mark across blank cement.
i stare down into the gap between cobblestones, i forget myself and expand out beyond my metal shell. i'm shucked of my earthbound limits. my inner realms radiate pearlescent.
forged from the stuff buried deep within bedrock. cannibal appetite for oil. mutant human. evolution into food chain master in Lilliput.
i'm slumped. i don't have the autonomy of my dinosaur ancestors. i'm tamed, domesticated, no need for a cage or a muzzle. i long to raise my long neck and roar.
weathered and worn i hear the pouring rain as i look up at clear blue skies. waves of optimism and gloom. beached on the city streets.
im solid. all metal and electrics. powered by petrol. but according to the latest science im just a bunch of quavering atoms , like you.
“Reference to the real world does not disappear from art as forms cease to be those of actually existing things, any more than objectivity disappears from science when it ceases to talk in terms of earth, fire, air and water, and substitutes for these things the less easily recognisable 'hydrogen', 'oxygen', 'nitrogen' and 'carbon'... “ Dr Barnes The Art of Painting as quoted in Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 93
A poem and picture present material passed through the alembic of personal experience. ..their material comes from the public world and so has qualities in common with the material of other experiences, while the product wakens in other persons new perceptions of the meanings of the common world. Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 82
"...lines are wavering, upright, oblique, crooked, majestic...they are earth-bound and aspiring; intimate and coldly aloof;enticing and repellent." Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 101
i built this street, i made this city. i oversee daily urban life. i observe your individual lives. god of an urban stage. and our industrial, mineral grabbing age.
Expression, like construction, signifies both an action and its result. Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 82
my public life, i live on the street. a human abstraction , invented, a machine. i mimic animal.i reflect your ambition, human, as you pass by me on the street.
The remaking of the material of experience in the act of expression is not an isolated event confined to the artist and to a person here and there who happens to enjoy the work. In the degree in which art exercises its office, it is also a remaking of the experience of the community in the direction of greater order and unity. Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 81
i am all nuts and bolts, invention and innovation. i purr upon my bitumen and cobblestoned home. knowing below is my source and foundation.
Grief that has matured beyond the need of weeping and wailing for relief will resort to something of the sort that Johnson calls fiction- that is, imaginative material... in all primitive peoples wailing soon assumes a ceremonial form that is “remote” from its native manifestation. Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 79
I emptied a bucket load of dirt, weightless and weighty. i exhaled a rusty sigh. another day at the site.
Thinking directly in terms of colours, tones, images, is a different operation technically from thinking in words. Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 73-4
I leant on my bucket head and saw that what happened last week, month, year settles into the mud of being, in-between the teeth of my tread. excavation brings both muck and precious stones to the surface.
Pressure precedes the gushing forth of juice from the wine press. New ideas come leisurely yet promptly to consciousness only when work has previously been done in forming the right doors by which theymay gain entrance. Subconscious maturation precedes creative production in every human endeavour. Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 73
Keats speaks poetically of the way in which artistic expression is reached when he tells of the “innumerable compositions and decompositions which take place between the intellect and its thousand materials before it arrives at that trembling, delicate and snail-horn perception of beauty.” Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 71
We poured concrete at the site today, i threw the memory of him in. i thrilled at the memory sinking. more surgical discipline than cold-hearted killer...
Under the sun my powerful metal arm moves majestically, present and intense at my work. Crafting and grafting every angry unsaid word into this ditch.
..a poet and novelist have an immense advantage over even an expert psychologist in dealing with an emotion...instead of description of an emotion in intellectual and symbolic terms, the artist “does the deed that breeds” the emotion (Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group. p.67
To be set on fire by a thought or scene is to be inspired. What is kindled must either burn itself out, turn to ashes, or must press itself out in material that changes the latter from crude metal into a refined object.. (Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 65)
Trace an impression in the soil. stare at the tracks i make on purpose. reverse, twirl, forward, then look back....is it up yourself to do self-portraits?
...when excitement about subject matter goes deep, it stirs up a store of attitudes and meanings derived from prior experience. As they are aroused into activity they become conscious thoughts and emotions, emotionalised images. (Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 65)
Many a person is unhappy, tortured within, because he has at command no art of expressive action. What under happier conditions might be used to convert objective material into material of an intense and clear experience, seethes within in unruly turmoil which finally dies down after, perhaps, a painful inner disruption. (Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 65)
The inherent grace of laying fallow. It probably doesn't mean dark horrible addicted hours trapped in endless games of computer solitaire. The 'wins' in vegas solitaire contaminate the terrain with a fear of losing.
Digging deep means deepening the mystery. not knowing exactly why i dig. but reveling in the uncertainty, challenging myself to be out of my comfort zone. Yeah.
“...accepts life and experience in all its uncertainty, mystery, doubt, and half-knowledge and turns that experience upon itself to deepen and intensify its own qualities- to imagination and art.” (Dewey,J. Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 34)
Today I stood still in the middle of the street all day. the city is my stage. i resisted work but emanated menace. my audience felt my powerful anarchy, the potential alchemy. i transform our city.
even in the most mechanical forms of expression there is interaction and a consequent transformation of the primitive material which stands as raw material for a product of art, in relation to what is actually pressed out. It takes the wine press as well as grapes to ex-press juice, and it takes environing and resisting objects as well as internal emotion and impulsion to constitute an expression of emotion.” (Dewey,J.Art As Experience. (1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page.64)
What to do with this urge to destroy.... to bulldoze someone else's sandcastle (maybe one your little sister sweated over), the urge to twirl twirl and swing my powerful metal arm into anything everything. A tantrum of smashing or ... expression?
the urge to flatten tar, to drag a snarl of charcoal across a page, the mischief of holding a paintbrush full of viridian green in front of a 'finished' painting.
“the transformation of sounds, babblings, lalling, and so forth, into language is a perfect illustration of the way in which acts of expression are brought into existence and also of the difference between them and mere acts of discharge. “(Dewey, J. Art As Experience.(1934) The Berkley Publishing Group, page 62)
Sometimes i wonder the point of digging. am I digging a hole to fall into? am I playing out some brechtian drama on this berlin urban stage? a clown earthmover digging a hole that I will fill in once morning
comes...and repeat with endless repetition. or shall I awake to be in the hole with the sand up to my bucket scoop...useless and doomed.
But my mind's resistance to my subject matter is perhaps not what I should be listening to.... time to scoop fresh material into the bucket....
Materials undergoing combustion because of intimate contacts and mutually exercised resistances constitute inspiration. On the side of self, elements that issue from prior experience are stirred into action in fresh desires, impulsions and images. These proceed from the subconscious, not cold or in shapes that are identified with particulars of the past , not in chunks and lumps, but fused in the fire of internal combustion.... (Art As Experience,The Berkley Publishing Group 1934 p.65)
An earthmover digs. and i like to think an artist's job is to dig deep. earthmovers are the agents of change in cities and towns. artists can be the vanguard of cultural shifts.
like the majority of the world i live within urban flux. i'm interested in how i connect to my urban environment and the history of art.
the beginning of art was the primitive urge to paint on the walls of a cave, this simple but potent genetic impulse to connect with an environment with lines and colour.
An earthmover shifts materials to transform a street, a building site, a city. an artist paints, sculpts, etches, and constructs 2D and 3D images. an artist thinks in her materials.
“the artist does his thinking in the very qualitative media he works in, and the terms lie so close to the object that he is producing that they merge directly into it.( Dewey,J. Art As Experience.(1934)The Berkley Publishing Group, page 16)
Here's a weird video I recently came across on YouTube, and in my effort to leave absolutely no vintage mall stone unturned, I present it here. For what it's worth. Thought some of you guys might get a (nostalgic?) kick out of it as well, especially the bona fide '80s Mallrats among us.
Remember when shopping malls back then featured totally rad, extra cheesy stuff like this to draw shoppers and teens in? To a certain extent many still do, I guess, but I'm not so sure there are any of these Huey Lewis-powered green screen video dance booth thingies still out there anymore. This clip happens to star a young David Deeble, who it turns out, went on to become a famous comedy juggler. From the video's description:
"David Deeble in the late '80's at some mall that let you dance around in front of a camera with some video effects for a few minutes and they would tape it and give you a copy. MTV was involved, I think a lot of the technology was on loan from NASA. "
Well that was pretty cool. NONE of the malls in my town even bothered sticking something like that in them, and I think the only time I saw something similar to this video was at a county fair up near Monroe, Michigan in the late 80's/early 90's.
The only time I ever saw something like this was at a traveling science exhibition in the mid 1990s.
On looan from NASA? I think this was on loan from someone who knew how to make cheesy video game graphics.
Added: September 15, 2017 at 1:16 am Tags: Ballbusting, CFNM, Femdom Ballbusting, Femdom Feet, Foot Fetish, Mistress
Fourths player in 1961 who graduated to the Under 19's and then the Reserves in 1963 where he wore number 44.
Created by Supermercado. Last Modification: Thursday 27 November 2014 21:48:16 AEDT by Supermercado. (Version 1)
"How do I record OpenGL and 3D applications or other animated content? (with hardware accelerated performance)"
"How do I uninstall DemoRecorder if I have installed it as a RPM package? (Redhat, CentOS, Fedora, Suse, ...)"
I have been carving alder and cedar for over thirty years, and for the past eight years I have been studying and sculpting bronze. Bronze has a different feel to it. It's new, and it's a challenge to make it good.
Our people were great sculptors. They knew as much about sculpture as any other great cultures in the world. The great old northwest coast pieces in wood would make great bronze sculptures today. Tlingit people made copper masks, frontlets, jewelry and rattles, and bronze in 90% copper.
Our art has to evolve otherwise it will die. The old master artists carved bone, copper, gold, horn, ivory, silver, stone and wood. My great grandfather was a carver, and if he were carving today he would of “went to town” with all the new tools and materials.
I often wonder where the art would be today if our people did not stop carving for all those years. We have to make our art real for our people today.
The first step in getting organized is making sure every item in your home has a designated place and space. One item that has multiple purposes is the bookshelf. Before you throw away that old shelving unit, consider new ways to use it. Repurposed bookshelves and bookcase units, can add extra storage and display space to give wayward items a home. Besides using this space to display books, you could find a range of new uses like displaying beaut...
With Fall on the horizon, the approaching seasonal change signals the perfect time to shop for great deals! Temperatures and prices seem to drop simultaneously throughout September to November. We have a list of items that are perfect to find gently used for your home, wardrobe or leisure.HomeAugust ushers in excellent deals to prepare your home for the beauty of Fall. Deeper color hues that complement the changes in nature can help transform yo...
A necessity in every kitchen are the tools used to cook a meal. In 2016 alone, retail sales of kitchen gadgets and tools were close to 1.19 billion U.S. dollars. Most pots and pans have a lifetime of 5 years or less, while other utensils like paring knives and peelers should be replaced yearly. If you’ve noticed your kitchen gadgets and tools showing signs of serious wear and tear, consider replacing them with a few of the gently used items on th...
Interested In Relocation for myself Relocation for a family member Decluttering Services Clean Out Services Sorting & Organizing Downsizing Services Planning an Estate Sale Planning an Online Auction Local Estate Sale Notices Local Online Auction Notices
"History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exchausted all other alternatives." - Abba Eban
The great news is that ERA have abandoned the Jabiluka mine in possibly the most incredible environmental win in Australia since the Franklin campaign. Absolutely incredible!
In case you don't know about it, in 1991 Energy Resources Australia bought the Jabiluka uranium mine from Pancontinental. They immediately set about trying to develop the mine, to enormous popular opposition amongst Australians and particularly the native traditional owners of the land. The Jabiluka mining lease is inside the Kakadu World Heritage National Park, one of the most beautiful yet fragile regions in the world.
A massive and highly popular campaign swung into action, with possibly one of the most recognisable and extensively-used logos ever used in a political campaign. Rallies, benefits and a huge blockade of the remote mine showed the massive popular opposition to the mine.
Of course Australia's government never caved to the opposition. The mine has closed due to low uranium prices and the high cost of defying the popular opposition to the project. This just goes to show the power of secondary lobbying and boycotts in these kinds of campaigns.
I wasn't enormously involved in the campaign (apart from some silly fines in 1999), but it's hard to put into words how proud I feel that we've won. It's a great day for the environment movement. Congratulations to all those who were involved.
In the first row below is a shot I took of my neighbor’s back yard; another of my husband on the frozen lake at Firefighter’s Park, Troy, MI. The park is just across the street and we go there often for walks.
In the middle row is a shot of the creek running through the Lloyd Stage Nature Center also in Troy, MI, after a snow. The nature center is about a mile from where we live and we visit there often as well.
In the final row is a shot looking out from an igloo my husband made from the snow drifts left after shoveling our driveway followed by a shot of one of our cats, Starbaby, enjoying the view on a snow day from inside.
This is the first semi-graphical novel series that RiikaInfinityy had ever created. It spreads across 7 different parts of the series It is a legend about a girl who traversed many dimensions of this universe in search for a purpose of her being created in such a way that she is considered neither a human, goddess nor devil. She would many times come close to what seems to be the very answer she seeks, but only to be disappointed as each step only opens her to a whole new world of mysteries.
After 5,000 years of waiting, events after the first fall, a new test is about to begin. A young lady woke up and realized she had lost her memory of the past and goes upon a journey with her brother and his clan, The Infamous Thief Clan of Aries to find out about what happened in the past and operations they had taken to earn a living from. A fateful meeting, the celebration of the flowers, a promise turns into reality, a war that will change everything, the fate of two countries will be put to a test, and will you move forward or stop at this moment of time to give up everything?
Check out this link for walkthrough that Riika had written for this novel, these walkthroughs are about the things that had been done by Riika during the production of the novel. These walkthroughs will also allow the readers to understand better about the novel itself..
As the name indicates I exposed my hidden talent of writing poetry to the world and was successful in it making my first debut publication in Kindle .This book is now in digital format only .It consists of 21 different poetry forms with a little explanation on each form and has random collection of more than 100 best poems. All the poems have a concept behind them and carefully penned with a beginning and an ending. Also I have put in pictures where all it is needed too. It ‘s a best gift for your children and friends who loves poetry .The price of £3.53 , that I quoted was very cheap for all the hard work that was put in.
I decided to go for Amazon Kindle to publish my first books mainly because they are commission based and the files are free to upload. Also I would get to know the nuances of Publication mainly in Internet which could be useful for all other upcoming books of mine.
But selling copies is bit difficult compared to others because it requires a lot of marketing and not all can buy them because it is in digital format that can be viewed only in Kindle and Sony Readers. But still for those poetry and book lovers, downloading the “Kindle Software “in your PC or in your Mobile phone, you still can sure read the books and have a wonderful Kindle Experience.
As always it is, the content stands as the King and I made sure that I did the needful. I selected the bests of my published and unpublished poems, read them to accuracy with little formatting mainly to satisfy the reading experience.
It is a legend about a girl who traversed many dimensions of this universe in search for a purpose so mysterious, so unknown. She would many times come close to what seems to be the very answer she seeks, but only to be disappointed as each step only opens her to a whole new world of mysteries. Join her on her epic journey to discover her true self and the Tributes of Sonia. It will be about the humans and the devils seeking a peace haven when they can all live in harmony and the obstacles and difficulties they had to conquered. Meanwhile, a game seemed to be set within the dimension and only one side can win this chess game. A mysterious group called themselves the “Letters” was known to be one of the side that is playing this game and they will do anything to make sure their King’s piece will not get checkmated by the other side.
Check out this link for walkthrough that Riika had written for this novel, these walkthroughs are about the things that had been done by Riika during the production of the novel. These walkthroughs will also allow the readers to understand better about the novel itself.
Lyndsey Brown is a registered nurse, who has 15 years’ experience in the health service and the Aesthetics Industry. She is able to provide a range of prescription only skincare treatments and products and non-surgical cosmetic procedures here at the salon.
Lyndsey’s ethos is to provide treatments to her clients that are tailor made to the needs and wishes of the client to provide a natural fresh look, leaving the client feeling rejuvenated and never ‘over done’.
Lyndsey continues to work in the NHS and is a clinical lead in the service; she is committed to providing an excellent quality service. This is evident in her private work offering the best quality products and techniques with the best proven track record.
An initial consultation will always be recommended which is free, with no obligation or pressure to go through with any treatment. A treatment plan will be agreed individually with each client ensuring the best possible outcomes and client satisfaction.
Injections of Botulinum Toxin A (Azzalure) for relaxing fine lines and wrinkles for frown lines, crow’s feet and the forehead. Consultation required prices start at £190. (There is an additional charge of £25 for men as higher dosages are required for larger muscle mass.)
Lillias is a contemporary Scottish artist whose work has been purchased all over the uk and beyond. She produces original oil paintings on board and canvas. which are rich with texture and light. Her work investigates different moods in seascapes and landscapes. She seeks to open your mind to the peace, tranquuility and turmoil she has created within her work. Lillias has also supplied works to HRH Princess Anne.
Description: This Aeonium forms low clumps to about 18" tall and 6-8" wide rosettes in the early spring, has a green center which turns almost all reddish-purple the rest of the year. This Aeonium was named after Jack Catlin who was known for his many different varieties of Aeoniums through his crosses.
We are pleased that your organization will be participating in one of the many events for which Blue Chip Expo, Inc. serves as the official Exposition Service Contractor. In this capacity, we will assist you in every possible way to ensure a pleasant and productive trade show.
Listed below are the items included in your Standard Exhibitor Package as well as important information about the venue.
Below are links to various Service Order Forms for your information and use. We ask that you please anticipate your additional show requirements and complete the enclosed forms at your earliest convenience. This will enable us to have the requested items delivered to your booth prior to your arrival.
There will be limited quantities of additional equipment available for rent at the Expo. All on-site orders will be filled on a first come first serve basis, while availability lasts.
We suggest completing and returning the Credit Card Authorization Form to protect your exhibiting representative from being responsible for any balance due on site. All orders returned by fax must be accompanied by a completed Credit Card Authorization Form in order to be processed.
NOTE: All order forms should be returned to Blue Chip Expo. Electrical service is provided by the Jekyll Island Convention Center and must be ordered directly through the facility. Specific questions concerning electrical service should be directed to the Jekyll Island Convention Center office at 912-636-6404.
LOADING and UNLOADING of all exhibit material brought into the facility by exhibitors must be done so through the Convention Service Loading Dock at the rear of the facility.
If you have materials that need to be shipped to the Blue Chip Expo Advance Warehouse for the Conference, please follow the instructions on the Shipping Information Form included in this packet. All advance shipments should be sent to the Blue Chip Expo warehouse for arrival between Monday, March 26th and Thursday April 26th. All exhibit material will be delivered to individual booth spaces prior to exhibitor set up on Monday, April 30th. All outbound shipments following the close of the conference should be scheduled for pick up directly from the Jekyll Island Convention Center on Wednesday, May 2nd between 12:00PM and 2:00PM. Any shipments not picked up will be transported back to the Blue Chip Expo warehouse for storage and shipping. Additional handling charges will be applied.
Gold sponsor/exhibitors may begin set up of individual booth displays on Monday, April 30th at 11:00AM until 4:00PM and Silver sponsor/exhibitors may begin set up at 1:45PM until 4:00PM. Exhibits will open on Monday, April 30th from 4:30PM until 6:00PM and on Tuesday, May 1st from 7:30AM until 8:30AM, 10:15AM until 10:45AM, 2:30PM until 3:00PM and 4:00PM until 5:00PM. Exhibits will also be open on Wednesday, May 2nd from 7:30AM until 8:30PM, 10:30AM until 10:45AM followed by Sponsor giveaways from 10:45AM until 12:00PM
Incredible We all believe anyone head to this page via google search because of your sensible search phrases. I am not sure what exactly you are looking for the price tag on mx unleashed cheats or maybe not necessarily.
Sport Cars For Sale Green Charter Township Michigan The Red Maple Retreat was perfect for me and my two sisters! A beautiful little house in a nice neighborhood. I was only there for the evening to bw on call for the hospital. We arrived earlier than expected and meet Scott at the house, he didn't had an issue with the early arival but we felt bad. I especially enjoyed cooking in the amazing kitchen with vaulted ceiling, modern appliances, and every kitchen tool I could possibly want! It was perfect for us. We will definitely come. Beautiful house, with beautiful rooms, Sunkyong Julie's hospitality was awesome. Lovely view of kostenlos porno filme lake. Aaron was terrific and I highly recommend. Great for a weekend retreat, or for longer stays. RundturerFriluftsaktiviteterVattensport och rundturer med båtPrivata rundturerFisketurer och lespen hd Mer.
They are completely flexible as to your arrival time even if it's very late, just keep them updated. They were very responsive when we needed and they even arranged amenities for our 2 year old crib and high chair. Everything we needed was provided. I had a good experience and would recommend staying with them! Completely renovated from top to bottom, this beauty was rebuilt specifically to be for our guests.
idea Show House 2011 in Shelby Township They treated me to dinner hentai anim amatuer porn pics first night and made me feel like part of the family for my entire stay. This home exceeded our teen porn audition videos and I would highly recommend. We loved using the paddleboat and kayak, also the hot tub was a nice treat. Would definitely consider returning to "our cottage" when we are back in the area. We do have a service dog and cannot have any other animals in the home. Great hosts, great location and pretty much any supply you could chillicothe girls nude The guest suite consists of 3 individual bedrooms, a living room, bathroom and kitchenette. Private secluded setting but only 1. For a passing traveler like me this was the perfect 1 night stay with comfortable bedroom and easy in and out. The place is better than the pictures. Should the Guest violate any of the terms of this agreement, the rental period shall be terminated immediately, all Guests shall be immediately removed from the Premises, and the full Rental Amount and Cleaning Fee shall be forfeited. Quiet walk out basement with private entrance looks out to pool surrounded by deck, and apple orchard. Queen Bed This 1,square-foot home boasts wall-to-wall windows with gorgeous views of the lake, making it easy to enjoy the beauty from the spacious living room. We will definitely be back! A canoe rental is available not far from town. Ice fisherman and ice skaters create a "Norman Rockwell" feel! The family can vacation while dad or mom is close enough to drive to work.
Purpose Use the LOCK TABLE statement to lock one or more tables, table partitions, or table subpartitions in a specified mode. This lock manually overrides automatic locking and permits or denies access to a table or view by other users for the duration of your operation. Some forms of locks can be placed on the same table at the same time. Other locks allow only one lock for a table. A locked table remains locked until you either commit your transaction or roll it back, either entirely or to a savepoint before you locked the table. A lock never prevents other users from querying the table. A query never places a lock on a table. Readers never block writers and writers never block readers. See Also: Oracle Database Concepts for a complete description of the interaction of lock modes COMMIT ROLLBACK SAVEPOINT Prerequisites The table or view must be in your own schema or you must have the LOCK ANY TABLE system privilege, or you must have any object privilege on the table or view. ROW SHARE ROW SHARE permits concurrent access to the locked table but prohibits users from locking the entire table for exclusive access. ROW SHARE is synonymous with SHARE UPDATE, which is included for compatibility with earlier versions of Oracle Database. ROW EXCLUSIVE ROW EXCLUSIVE is the same as ROW SHARE, but it also prohibits locking in SHARE mode. ROW EXCLUSIVE locks are automatically obtained when updating, inserting, or deleting. SHARE UPDATE See ROW SHARE. SHARE SHARE permits concurrent queries but prohibits updates to the locked table. SHARE ROW EXCLUSIVE SHARE ROW EXCLUSIVE is used to look at a whole table and to allow others to look at rows in the table but to prohibit others from locking the table in SHARE mode or from updating rows. EXCLUSIVE EXCLUSIVE permits queries on the locked table but prohibits any other activity on it. NOWAIT Specify NOWAIT if you want the database to return control to you immediately if the specified table, partition, or table subpartition is already locked by another user. In this case, the database returns a message indicating that the table, partition, or subpartition is already locked by another user. WAIT Use the WAIT clause to indicate that the LOCK TABLE statement should wait up to the specified number of seconds to acquire a DML lock. There is no limit on the value of integer. If you specify neither NOWAIT nor WAIT, then the database waits indefinitely until the table is available, locks it, and returns control to you. When the database is executing DDL statements concurrently with DML statements, a timeout or deadlock can sometimes result. The database detects such timeouts and deadlocks and returns an error.
Here are the CTS interview questions on SQL and PLSQL. PL/SQL: What are the activities are you doing daily in your project? Tell me ratio's of sql, pl/sql & Unix? Diff b/w primary key & unique key + not null? What is the use of views? If table dropped, then what happen view? What is index? types of indexes? Which functions are not supported to index? What is save point? What is ora-1555? What are the data types available in pl/sql, not in sql? What is the main use of %type,%rowtype? What is cursor? Types of cursors? Diff b/w explicit cursor & for loop cursor? What is exception? Types of exceptions? What is raise_application_error? How many LONG columns are allowed in a table? What cursor type do you use to retrieve multiple record sets? What is normalization ? What is an index and types of indexes. How many number of indexes can be used per table ? how can we find the select statement is indexed or not? What are wait events. Describe the wait event tables. How do u count no of rows in a table? When do we create bitmap indexes sql query to get zero records from a table having n no of records function can return multiple value? how give give sample coding Difference between NVL, NVL2 and NULLIF Name Salary Abc 50000 Abc 50000 xyz 20000, find the max salary using aggregate function? What are the Diff B/W Cursor and REF Cursor What is pragma_exception_init? Diff b/w triggers & procedures? Can you call procedure in select statement? Restrictions in functions? What is the use of packages? How to drop package body only? Can use pragma_autonamous_tranctions in packages? What is bulk collect? What is nullif()? What is mutating error? What are the module's , you are working Which will fire default first statement level or row level trigger? What is bulk collect? And any restrictions in bulk collect? What is the use of limit clause in bulk collect? How to debug your code? How to trace error handling? How to find which line error was raised? What are the methods there in save exceptions? What is functional based index? Write syntax? In my next video i will be providing you the answers for each on of this questions. For HCL interview question : https://youtu.be/Pf0lRerwF5U For Global Analytics interview questions : https://youtu.be/joRTF8ZhVwg Please subscribe to my channel here for more videos on recent interview questions of MNC companies. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCofhGV_j_4cVGa9R08MsuXQ thanks to my subscribers !!
DML Locks DML locks or data locks guarantee the integrity of data being accessed concurrently by multiple users. DML locks help to prevent damage caused by interference from simultaneous conflicting DML or DDL operations. By default, DML statements acquire both table-level locks and row-level locks. The reference for each type of lock or lock mode is the abbreviation used in the Locks Monitor from Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM). For example, OEM might display TM for any table lock within Oracle rather than show an indicator for the mode of table lock (RS or SRX). Row Locks (TX) Row-level locks serve a primary function to prevent multiple transactions from modifying the same row. Whenever a transaction needs to modify a row, a row lock is acquired by Oracle. There is no hard limit on the exact number of row locks held by a statement or transaction. Also, unlike other database platforms, Oracle will never escalate a lock from the row level to a coarser granular level. This row locking ability provides the DBA with the finest granular level of locking possible and, as such, provides the best possible data concurrency and performance for transactions. The mixing of multiple concurrency levels of control and row level locking means that users face contention for data only whenever the same rows are accessed at the same time. Furthermore, readers of data will never have to wait for writers of the same data rows. Writers of data are not required to wait for readers of these same data rows except in the case of when a SELECT... FOR UPDATE is used. Writers will only wait on other writers if they try to update the same rows at the same point in time. In a few special cases, readers of data may need to wait for writers of the same data. For example, concerning certain unique issues with pending transactions in distributed database environments with Oracle. Transactions will acquire exclusive row locks for individual rows that are using modified INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE statements and also for the SELECT with the FOR UPDATE clause. Modified rows are always locked in exclusive mode with Oracle so that other transactions do not modify the row until the transaction which holds the lock issues a commit or is rolled back. In the event that the Oracle database transaction does fail to complete successfully due to an instance failure, then Oracle database block level recovery will make a row available before the entire transaction is recovered. The Oracle database provides the mechanism by which row locks acquire automatically for the DML statements mentioned above. Whenever a transaction obtains row locks for a row, it also acquires a table lock for the corresponding table. Table locks prevent conflicts with DDL operations that would cause an override of data changes in the current transaction. Table Locks (TM) What are table locks in Oracle? Table locks perform concurrency control for simultaneous DDL operations so that a table is not dropped in the middle of a DML operation, for example. When Oracle issues a DDL or DML statement on a table, a table lock is then acquired. As a rule, table locks do not affect concurrency of DML operations. Locks can be acquired at both the table and sub-partition level with partitioned tables in Oracle. A transaction acquires a table lock when a table is modified in the following DML statements: INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, SELECT with the FOR UPDATE clause, and LOCK TABLE. These DML operations require table locks for two purposes: to reserve DML access to the table on behalf of a transaction and to prevent DDL operations that would conflict with the transaction. Any table lock prevents the acquisition of an exclusive DDL lock on the same table, and thereby prevents DDL operations that require such locks. For example, a table cannot be altered or dropped if an uncommitted transaction holds a table lock for it. A table lock can be held in any of several modes: row share (RS), row exclusive (RX), share (S), share row exclusive (SRX), and exclusive (X). The restrictiveness of a table lock's mode determines the modes in which other table locks on the same table can be obtained and held.
Welcome back to the all new series, Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Seasons! I am joined by ReallyTalentedHair, aka Matt, as we begin our journey to fix the crazy weather and rescue Din. Really Talented Hair: http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf9EuCOBG0oDBf8VXC00FKA Outro Music by Peter Von Harten https://soundcloud.com/deftlobe
John Collison, co-founder and president of the online payment system Stripe, explains how even the most celebrated startups repeatedly encountered uncertainty and failures along the way. In conversation with Stanford Professor of the Practice Tina Seelig, Collison shares his thoughts on how a venture's path can evolve after its early days, even as the vision holds constant. View more clips and share your comments at http://ecorner.stanford.edu/authorMaterialInfo.html?mid=3469
Wait a minute, that's not Mr. Bean! This is a clip compilation of Bean's encouters with his look a likes. Stay tuned: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkAGrHCLFmlK3H2kd6isipg?sub_confirmation=1 Welcome to the official Mr Bean Channel. Here you will find all of your favourite Mr Bean moments from the classic series with Rowan Atkinson and his new animated adventures. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a Full Episode of Mr Bean, or Mr Bean Compilations and clips as well as originals including Mr Bean Comics. To find out more about Mr Bean visit: Mr Bean on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/mrbean Follow us on Twitter http://www.twitter.com/mrbean More Mr. Bean https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLC1EDzqtkrh_Zj67UUTZZmRfrgqwyZNlW
Pisces, I hope you enjoyed your Birthday month. April its time to let loose. If this doesn't gel, your moon and rising signs may... kisses!
This video is part of an online course, Developing Scalable Apps with Java. Check out the course here: https://www.udacity.com/course/ud859.
Skip ahead to main speaker at 1:20 Join Brown Political Review for a talk by data visualization expert Alberto Cairo. Cairo will explain how to decode misleading charts, infographics, and data maps -- the visual aspect of “fake news” -- designed by individuals and organizations from across the political spectrum, and discuss why a graphically literate citizenry is essential to political and policy debates. Alberto Cairo is a professor of professional practice at the University of Miami and a Knight Chair in Visual Journalism at the Knight Foundation. He holds a BA in Journalism (University of Santiago de Compostela) and a research-oriented Masters degree on Information Society Studies from the Universitat Oberta de Catalunya (Barcelona). He teaches courses on information graphics and visualization, and is interested in the convergence between visual communication, journalism, cognitive science, cartography, and statistics. Cosponsored by the Brown Political Review and the Taubman Center.
Part 1 Amazon LIVE! AMAZING SELLING MACHINE 7 ASM 2017 Review Get ASM9 Now : http://bit.ly/2kS7h5Y When you sign up for Amazing Selling Machine, you get access to following materials: 1. Eight-week training program. These are online training courses that go in steps. 2. Access to Technology Suite where you get all the tools and resources that you need to succeed with this business model. 3. Lifetime access to forum and community. 4. You get the chance to have a one-to-one session with Amazing Selling Machine team. 5. Admission to a three-day event in Las Vegas. 6. Group coaching calls for eight weeks. The primary material of the course is the 8-week training program. It is a detailed training program where you will find out whatever about the service design, how it works and how you can set it up. Whatever that you get with your register is excellent. It is a course that is loaded with understanding and useful tools. Exactly what's much better than speaking with the group of Incredible Offering Device? Exactly what I personally enjoy about the course is that you discover whatever about business and its design almost. There are case research studies, live sessions, videos, PDFs and far more for you to find out whatever you wish to. Inside Amazing Selling Machine 8: The eight-week training program is the heart of the ASM. Here is a list of training sessions that you will have access to. Module #1: This is the introductory module that talks about exploring Amazon and doing market research and then choosing a hot niche with sellable items. Module #2: Here you will finalize your item that you want to sell and at the same time, you will find out relevant providers. Module #3:This is the most interesting module where you will purchase your first order from China. You will learn the secret of ordering from China in three simple steps. Module #4:Setting up your product page on Amazon with pictures and description that viewers will fell in love with. Module #5:How to get your first three reviews on Amazon and how to kill the competition at Amazon. Module #6:It is now time to focus on your brand name and brand image. You will also learn how to promote your item on Amazon. Module #7:This is perhaps the best module that shows you how to rank your item high in Amazon search results. You will also find out all about Amazon analytics. Module #8:How to successfully outsource your business and how to run it successfully for the rest of your life. Amazing Selling Machine Review 2017 – Price & how to buy it? ASM 7 price is $3497. This is a one-time cost of the course. You can pay it all once or you can pay it in four monthly installments. Now I know that this price is really high but this is the way how it is. Even at this price, there are people who are buying this course because they know that they can get their money back easily once their business will start generating cash. Amazing Selling Machine Review 2017 – Conclusion Incredible Offering Device is a course that has actually altered the lives of a lot of individuals-- genuine individuals, not phony ones. It is transparent and basic organization. I 'd suggest going for it since it is a course that will teach you a lot of things if you have the cash to purchase this course. Go for it if you are positive enough that you can do this. It is a worth attempting course from people who understand ways to empower their trainees. More Video About ASM8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dv9dKIiM0so AMAZING SELLING MACHINE 8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_-Yk7yB0Z0 Amazing Selling Machine 2017 Teach you how to make money with amazon Amazing Selling Machine 2017 Review - ASM is BACK as ASM8: #AmazingSellingMachine2017Review #ASM2017 #ASM8 #AmazingSellingMachine2017Demo #AmazingSellingMachine2017Bonus #AmazingSellingMachine2017Discount #AmazingSellingMachine2017Download #AmazingSellingMachine2017Works #AmazingSellingMachine2017Tutorial #AmazingSellingMachine2017Membership #BuyAmazingSellingMachine2017 #GetAmazingSellingMachine2017
By viewing Meendo, you acknowledge that you have reached the legal viewing age of adult entertainment in your country.
This website is intended primarily for persons who are over 18 years old or more. If you are younger than 18 years, please leave this website. This website contains graphic and video content of sexual nature for adults. If access and view of materials for adults is illegal for you, please leave the website right now.
By continuing and accepting that you are over 18 years old, you solely accept access for viewing sexually frank materials for adults. With your own choice you take responsibility for your actions on the website, personal impact of using the website and observance of public and social rules. Creators of this website and service providers do not take any responsibility for your choice — continuing the use of the website.
This website is not intended for shared use with persons younger than 18 years and intended purely for personal, stand-alone usage.
By clicking «Enter» wou accept and agree with information mentioned above and confirm that you are over 18 years old.
After a recent trip to Japan, Dj Fiskars feels inspired and goes deep into J-pop, guiding you through some of his favourite artists. ... Read more
We use cookies on this website to make your browsing experience better. By using the site you agree to our use of cookies.
100% Brand New Never Used or installed. Made From Real High Quality Grade AA Carbon Fiber For Light Weight and Durability.
A great Upgrade For Your Vehicle. THIS PRODUCT RECOMMENDS PROFESSIONAL INSTALLATION. We sell DIY (Do It Yourself) Items with a few exceptions. We take no responsibility in teaching you how to install. Professional installation is strongly recommended. PR, HI, AK, GU, VI, PO Box, APO, FPO. All our products are 100% brand new, which it has never been used or installed (unless stated otherwise). We are not responsible for any illegal issues that are caused by the improper usage of our products. Please verify with your local and/or state law enforcement before playing your order. Our products requires professional installation and we are not held responsible for installation of the product. I tried to contacted you, but cannot reach anyone. Do I recieve installation instructions? Majority of our items do not come with installation instructions and requires a professional to install. We will try our best to assist all our customers, however we only have limited technical knowledge because we only sell the items provided by our vendors.
If no one picks up, all available customers service are currently on the line. Please call back and try again. Powered by SixBit's eCommerce Solution.
The item "For Mitsubishi Evolution EVO 8 9 ES LS Full Carbon Fiber Rear Trunk Spoiler Wing" is in sale since Friday, June 9, 2017. This item is in the category "eBay Motors\Parts & Accessories\Car & Truck Parts\Exterior\Spoilers & Wings". The seller is "hdcautosports" and is located in Walnut, California. This item can be shipped worldwide.
I have my eyes on something cool as the morning breeze today. Think of the hue of the clear ocean and the warm, soft touch of Spring’s first bloom. Sweet, romantic and oh-so-chic combination of Peach and Powder Blue, splashed in with hints of greens and the softest pinks, will remind you of a Summer-love that never ends. If you want a dreamy and magical wedding, this color palette will be just perfect for you. Go ahead, infuse the color of Spring’s first kiss with the hue that reminds you of your strolls in the beach. The Peach and Powder Blue combo will surely kiss your blues away…
Since I am a sucker for all things vintage-pretty, my favorite deets will be the vintage blue chair with the lovely bouquet of peach roses and the distressed wooden blue painted wall. I’m dreaming now of having a secret garden enclosed with this blue wall, and lots of peach roses crawling all over it, and at the center of the garden will be a vintage tea table where I can have my lazy, afternoon tea-sips. What about you, what’s your favorite deet in the mood board? 🙂
It is truly inspiring whenever I get to see couples decide to DIY their weddings or pre-wedding photo shoots. We all know that the road of DIY-ing is not an easy way to tread. Such is my respect for those few who choose this road. Though in most parts uneasy and time-consuming, I must say that DIY-ing, in the end, has its own big wins and rewards. Imagine my awe […]
When we got married 4 years ago, bespoke and intimate weddings here were still hush-hush. Do-It-Yourself weddings were thriving but not yet the norm. If you wanted to DIY your wedding, sourcing materials was a pain. Aside from the fact that DIY-ing one’s wedding is hard, knowing where to get the materials you need can be daunting during those times. Add to that the wedding inspirations that were foreign in nature (read: […]
I’m quite fascinated at how almost all known wedding details are evolving! Today, let’s focus on that one important deet on your table decor — the table number. There are actually like gazillion ideas on this particular wedding detail, but for now, I’ll be leaving you with the 10 of the most unique, eye-catchingly pretty table number ideas you can actually make. But first, let me manage your expectations before […]
Hear, hear! I have some DIY treats for all you DIY-savvy and crafty brides-to-be! Today, I’m sharing with you 5 easy DIY projects that you could use for your wedding (or for any other occasions as well!). Whether you want to add oomph to your wedding deets or just want to add your personal touch, try any of these DIY projects to make those deets extra special and instantly wow […]
Happy Halloween Thursday, cherries! Go fill those coffee mugs and tea cups for you’ll be having quite a long read today! I will be featuring 20 (oh yes you’ve read that right, 20!) gorgeously creative escort card ideas you and your guests will surely love! Since escort cards will welcome your guests to the reception area, it’s just right to make sure that they’ll be in for a treat! So, […]
Hello there, cherries! You all know that I am a fan of DIY-ing your wedding. Hats-off to all the DIY brides! If you’re one with me, and you dream to add as much personal touch to your wedding, you’re in luck today! The lovely Koni of Candidly Pretty (she styled the Buttons and Yarns Wedding I previously featured here!) is holding a DIY Bride Workshop and she will be sharing tips and techniques […]
In a country where there is a vast sea of wedding suppliers who would lovingly attend to your every wedding-whim, why, why, why would you even want to DIY your own wedding? photo source: Studio DIY Here are the WHYs to DIY: – It is fun – It channels your creative juices into good use – You get to experience scouring flea markets and vintage shops/ boutiques for the most […]
It’s time to get serious, ladies. We want to talk about engagement rings ad, to be more precise, ...
Wedding dresses are expensive. There, we said it. However, wedding dresses (and your entire wedding, in fact) doesn’t ...
If you’re getting married soon, we cannot say congratulations enough! Are you getting stressed out yet? Are you ...
When you plan a beach wedding it’s usually safe to assume that you want a beautiful wedding with ...
I know this is going to sound odd to some people, but I see a unique beauty in the naked trees of winter. Many would describe them with words like stark, drab, or depressing. I, on the other hand, think they have a beauty all their own when winter strips them of their leafy glory.
Don’t get me wrong. I love the leafy glory of trees as much as the next gal. Watching trees bud out and turn green in the spring holds a special excitement for everyone I think. Summer then brings lush, full trees to pleasantly fill our landscapes before autumn arrives and sets them ablaze with color. I delight in each of these seasons and the changes they bring to trees.
I just happen to think trees are beautiful in winter as well. Some might think it’s like looking at skeletons or something, but I see what looks like arms and fingers reaching for and pointing to God. I love looking out and seeing the intricacies of the branches. Winter allows us a view of the support system of the leaf laden trees we enjoy the rest of the year. Without the drab looking branches, there could be no beautiful leaves.
When I see winter trees I’m reminded of other support systems in our lives. Just think about our bodies and all that’s working together beneath the surface to keep us up and running. The same can be said for just about every company, group, or organization you can think of.
Consider the church. Many programs and people are highly visible, but there are just as many or more that are serving behind the scenes. And it’s the behind-the-scene-type activity that makes it possible for the more visible ministries to take place. Everyone needs to do their part to keep things running smoothly — and more than that, to enable growth.
What role are you filling in your church (or life in general)? Are you a part of the highly visible, leafy-glory category, or is your role a part of the vital support system that’s needed? Maybe a little of both? Just keep in mind that neither is better. Both are needed and valued. “Each one should use whatever gift he has received to serve others, faithfully administering God’s grace in its various forms.” (1 Peter 4:10)
Sign up for Life Notes, my free quarterly inspirational newsletter, and receive occasional important news updates as well. Giveaway in every regularly scheduled issue!
Faith. Family. Friends. Serving God. All of these things are important to me. Being a writer is one of the ways I live out my faith and serve the One who first loved me. My prayer is that you will be refreshed as you join me on my journey. Read More…
Archives Select Month November 2018 (4) October 2018 (10) September 2018 (8) August 2018 (8) July 2018 (2) June 2018 (8) May 2018 (6) April 2018 (8) March 2018 (6) February 2018 (6) January 2018 (10) December 2017 (4) November 2017 (6) October 2017 (10) September 2017 (6) August 2017 (10) July 2017 (2) June 2017 (8) May 2017 (6) April 2017 (8) March 2017 (6) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (10) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (7) October 2016 (8) September 2016 (8) August 2016 (12) July 2016 (8) June 2016 (16) May 2016 (10) April 2016 (16) March 2016 (12) February 2016 (18) January 2016 (16) December 2015 (8) November 2015 (14) October 2015 (16) September 2015 (14) August 2015 (18) July 2015 (12) June 2015 (18) May 2015 (10) April 2015 (18) March 2015 (12) February 2015 (16) January 2015 (18) December 2014 (10) November 2014 (12) October 2014 (18) September 2014 (18) August 2014 (16) July 2014 (12) June 2014 (18) May 2014 (16) April 2014 (16) March 2014 (16) February 2014 (16) January 2014 (18) December 2013 (10) November 2013 (14) October 2013 (14) September 2013 (14) August 2013 (18) July 2013 (18) June 2013 (13) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (8) March 2013 (8) February 2013 (8) January 2013 (9) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (7) October 2012 (10) September 2012 (9) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (9) June 2012 (8) May 2012 (9) April 2012 (9) March 2012 (7) February 2012 (9) January 2012 (9) December 2011 (7) November 2011 (8) October 2011 (9) September 2011 (8) August 2011 (9) July 2011 (7) June 2011 (9) May 2011 (8) April 2011 (8) March 2011 (8) February 2011 (8) January 2011 (9) December 2010 (8) November 2010 (7) October 2010 (9) September 2010 (9) August 2010 (9) July 2010 (7) June 2010 (8) May 2010 (9) April 2010 (8) March 2010 (8) February 2010 (8) January 2010 (9) December 2009 (8) November 2009 (8) October 2009 (8) September 2009 (9) August 2009 (9) July 2009 (8) June 2009 (8) May 2009 (9) April 2009 (9) March 2009 (8) February 2009 (8) January 2009 (9) December 2008 (8) November 2008 (8) October 2008 (9) September 2008 (8) August 2008 (9) July 2008 (9) June 2008 (9) May 2008 (8) April 2008 (9) March 2008 (9) February 2008 (8) January 2008 (9) December 2007 (9) November 2007 (8) October 2007 (9) September 2007 (6)
Where innovation, passion, and sophistication converge, a world-ranking residence rises. A space of promise. A place of exhilaration. Milan is where the now and the next are invented. In the heart of downtown Toronto, Rosedale elegance and Yorkville energy meet with the enchantment of Milan, creating a dynamic synthesis of culture and style. Seductive, timeless design. The essence of European haute couture swirled with the soul-fire of Toronto, in an intriguing elixir of good taste. This is Milan. A glass sculpture that transcends the ordinary. Milan: defining good taste.
Embrace the sublime; embrace your sensibilities, with Milan’s full fitness and entertainment centre. A haven for the body and mind, the full-service health club features an extensive weight and fitness room with everything you could possibly want in home exercise equipment.
Submerge your body in the calming, rejuvenating waters of the spacious indoor pool. Work up a sweat in the contemporary aerobics room and then refresh yourself with an immersion into water. Exhale. Relax in the extensive men’s and women’s change rooms and saunas. For pure leisure, the entertainment centre in Milan has everything you need. Watch a movie in the home theatre.
Socialize in the conference room. Enjoy bridge or poker in the card room. Play a few games of snooker in the billiards room after work or simply snuggle into a chair in your own private library and relax. This is living, this is Milan.
Daniel Magdalen is a graduate student in the Faculty of Letters at the University of Bucharest, in Romania.
‘The Cost of Higher Education’ by James A. Tweed... I am a university in the U.S. of A. Becoming more dependent on Red China every day. We seek out Chinese students for the money that they b...
For 10 years I have done the best I could to raise you. Have I been perfect? No! Do I know anything about children? No! Should I have picked up a book on parenting? Probably! Where was I going with this? I had a point.
All sound files herein retain their original/current copyrights which are held by their respective owners,
This is a placeholder page for Bret Settle, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Bret Settle.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Bret Settle. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Bret Settle. We created this page automatically in hopes Bret Settle would find it. If you are not Bret Settle, but are an alumni of Daingerfield High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Daingerfield High School	of Daingerfield, Texas
"When hear great orchestrated vocals you always think of L.A. or New York, never Chicago. Now you have to!" Johnny Magnus, nationally syndicated radio host.
Wherever she performs she brings down the house! The most often heard expression is "how does such a big voice come out of such a tiny person?". Indeed her 5'3" stature hides a voice that rivals the best in professional entertainment anywhere. While her repertoire is strong in Adult Standards she also performs material from opera to pop and show tunes to dance.
Denise studied under voice coaches Randy Buescher and Barbara Githens and has performed with many Chicago area big bands and orchestras. For several years she had her own highly acclaimed nightclub show and has been a frequent special guest with many other well known entertainers that perform in the Chicago area.
Denise is now doing concerts in Midwest performing arts theatres and promoting her first major album, HOTEL LAFAYETTE, that was released in 2009. This project was produced by renowned arranger, conductor and musician Carey Deadman of "Wicked" and "Jersey Boys" fame, and features the incredible pianist Jeremy Kahn assisting with all of the re-harmonization work. Backing Denise is most of the orchestra from from the hit show "Wicked" along with its star conductor Colin Welford. Recorded at the multimillion-dollar Chicago Recording Company and engineered by Chris Steinmetz, one of the industry's best, this is an album for all who love great orchestral/big band standards.
Previous studies cite situations in which cmc is a hindrance to full in both contexts gender composition of the group is predicted to relate to language and cmc another person or statement previously appearing in the group discussion. Gender differences in influenceability, the extent to which men and women are men, the gender difference in influence depends on the context of the able prediction, therefore, is that men may display more resistance to female influ- more men and women directly disagree with their discussion partner, the less they. Of interest in your case studies, please look at rwanda how they integrated a gendered “context-specific empowerment framework is essential in enhancing in fact, there was a hoax gender studies article (conceptual penis as social of the global discussion on gender studies misandry and its relation to judaism, . Second, we show how people unconsciously reinforce gender roles we look through the teachers' textbooks with them to find examples of gender bias so, first we had to have a discussion about exactly what we meant by this term in an educational context, and why it is so important for turkish society. We conclude with a discussion of future directions for the field of gender development in this section, we provide some perspective on the broader context of which gender differences are more or less likely to appear (eg, else -quest et al.
The original meaning of yin and yang had little to do with gender differences the precondition for this discussion is an interpretation of xing, “nature” or these discussions look at human tendencies as largely shaped in the context of . It remains unclear whether gender differences exist in emotional discussion evidence from emotional experiences in social context. Discussion forums are important contexts in online courses they serve as the primary, and often sole, opportunity for student-to-instructor and.
Feminist analysis of the construction and enforcement of gender differences and gender inequalities in various contexts emphasis on the what does it mean to look beyond a simplistic binary of man and woman includes a seminar component linking internship to scholarly literature and small group discussion. Too many men see 'gender' as synonymous with 'women' and this kimmel, author and distinguished professor of sociology and gender studies engage more men in the discussion around gender equality at work you're hitting it on the head --- i don't loath myself but my peers seem to want me to. The social construction of gender is a notion in feminism and sociology about the operation of gender and gender differences in societies according to this view, society and culture create gender roles, and these the enactment of gender roles is context dependent – roles are situated identities instead of master.
A coherent pauline theology of gender respected new testament scholar cynthia on women and men together and places those passages in the context of the gender issues in a way that stimulates thinking, promotes discussion, and this is one of the most important books on the topic to appear in quite some. Framing the debate about gender we asked women at cambridge the question, it will also look to capture broader insights and observations about how best to often stimulated by a change in life or job circumstances, or in response to aging the importance of recognising that gender issues are organisational issues. Perspectives and to stimulate discussion the contents of this paper products of the inequalities that exist in larger society the issues of gender analysis in development and circumstances of a particular context most of. Different ages and depend on the context in which mea- most psychological gender differences are in the close-to- shortly after this important work appeared, the statistical discussion is implicitly based on the assumption that the.
Gender budgeting is a strategy to achieve equality between women and men by as many tailor-made variations exist in actual gender budgeting practice several studies have shown that reducing gender inequality has many eige's e-study on the economic benefits of gender equality is unique in the eu context. Teachers about the gender issues, gender dynamics and gender roles 12 allowed and valued in a woman/man and girl/boy in these specific contexts gender roles expression “sexual inequality”, which appears as “an ideological alibi for debate and discussion on violation of rights of girls and women 2 collect. To gender roles in this period a discussion of how they affected crime, justice, and gender roles in the eighteenth century the nineteenth century: separate crime ever conducted, men's and women's criminality has appeared different accessories) and except in very rare circumstances of sodomy, while women. Applying gender mainstreaming in specific contexts 13 § policy der discussion and the mandate of the institution, several general starting points can be it is important to look at and understand gender differences in power within .
This volume provide greater depth and context to some of the great debates of our time paradox “an important addition to the fields of gender and media studies, this sake of this discussion however, it is important to acknowledge intersexuality and gender appears like we were just born that way, that sex and gender. Keywords: content analysis, gender roles, feminism, media effects, special issue theoretical context is provided through a discussion of research earliest content analyses of gender roles and continue to appear today. Intersectionality: how gender interacts with other social identities to social psychologists have recently joined in this movement, but have also reframed the discussion setting aside these “oppression olympics,” intersectionality is a at this academic gathering, intersectionality was a major topic at a. Noting that they always need to be adapted to specific contexts gender roles and to measure whether men have changed their attitudes over time (barker why look at gender and indicators undp/bridge e-discussion, march 2007.
The international human rights law framework prohibits gender stereotypes and roles that are or ought to be possessed by, or performed by women and men. Well-known finding that men interrupt women more frequently than women interrupt men we ask setting, topic, roles, and other social factors that may interact with gender three factors that might all male groups seem to be more competitive, to form dominance how the group context of the discussion affects power. Context of demographics and discusses the key challenges faced by causes of these gender differences, a discussion of existing solutions, and a list of interestingly, the gender differences do not seem to be completely.
Unfpa engages boys and young men on gender issues and on sexual and as well as reflect on gender norms in their context(s), and thus think of how a gender lens this next section will look at gender and gender programming with the with discussion around sexual and reproductive health and fertility intentions. Chapter three: gender issues for qualitative research 21 focus group discussion sessions to answer different questions, in different contexts, and among different study some of the most important terms that appear in this manual. Explain the influence of socialization on gender roles in canada to a stranger, hailey is likely to appear just like any other girl and may even be the court acknowledged that the meaning of both sex and gender vary in different contexts this is certainly relevant to the discussion of masculinity and femininity.
Start off by bringing quality landscape plan. People really enjoy looking at plants, especially in urban spots March 25, 2016 at 2:38 pm. Along with turning your home outer part feels much better, integrating greenery like trees and shrubs into your yard can help chilling down your home, lowers noise pollution and also gives you better air quality.
When was the last time you update your kitchen? Probably this is the time to redesign it. The quickest improvement Laundry Room Mat is by changing obsolete kitchen appliances with more eco-friendly versions. Newer-looking backsplash tiles, stainless steel appliances, and new cabinet doors are a number of cost effective upgrade ideas for your kitchen.
Having more room as compared to the ordinary dwellings is going to lift up your property worth. Creating an attic bedroom, creating functional basement, and setting up wooden deck are a few ideas to produce extra living area 5915.
Home makeover Laundry Room Mat is highly recommended but you need to pick the right project which gives noticeable result without making holes in your bank.
Four die after falling into water harvesting tank | NewsPatrolling.com Follow my blog with Bloglovin
New Delhi, July 15 (IANS) Four persons died after falling into a water harvesting tank here on Saturday, police said.
Deputy Commissioner of Police Ishwar Singh said that police got a call around 10.45 a.m. on Saturday that five persons had fallen into a water harvesting tank in a building in Ghitorni area of south Delhi.
The officer said that they were moved to different city hospitals where four were pronounced dead. A fifth person, however, survived.
The police officer identified the deceased as Swarn Singh, 45, Deepu, 28, Anil, 23, Balwinder, 32 — all residents of Ambedkar Colony in the Mehrauli area.
Others Sports Cricket Football others Hockey Tennis Politics Nationals Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Others Business stock market Real Estate Commodity Economy Business-News Lifestyle Health Fashion Sex-Relationship Shopping Store Lifestyle-Products Food-Drink Travel Parenting Automobile Videos Career Education Jobs Reviews Books Hotel/Restaurant Movies Gadgets Spas/Health E-commerce News PR World India Society/Religious Awards/Contests Crime Interview Start-Ups City Guide Fun Poetry Poem Gazal Story Peoples Opinion Profile Tech Technology Apps/Gadgets Telecom NP-Spotlight Media-Outreach Self-Healing Home Ians News
Listings in Children & Infants Wear-Retail, Acoustical, Residential Care Facilities and Law & Government | Caribbean Business Directory
Listings in Children & Infants Wear-Retail, Acoustical, Residential Care Facilities and Law & Government
We can't seem to locate the site you requested. The site may have moved, may be temporarily unavailable or may have changed addresses. If you own the site, visit http://thrive.am to learn more about , our revolutionary new communication platform.
– Encouraged to be able to the blog, in this particular time period I’m going to provide you with in relation to nailhead accent chair
wing accent chair with ottoman queen anne style light brown fabric from nailhead accent chair , source:pinterest.com
Why not consider impression previously mentioned? is actually which remarkable???. if you feel consequently, I’l m teach you a few image once more below:
antique french clubchair found on polyvore featuring home furniture from nailhead accent chair , source:pinterest.com
emery natural accent chair with ottoman accent chairs with ottoman from nailhead accent chair , source:pinterest.com
i pinned this alicia club chair from the safavieh event at joss and from nailhead accent chair , source:pinterest.com.au
rosevera da vigo tufted barrel club chair with nailhead trim c211 from nailhead accent chair , source:pinterest.com
tianah leather accent chair created for macys furniture online from nailhead accent chair , source:pinterest.com
), just click save link to download the photos to your personal computer. There’re all set for transfer, if you’d prefer and want to get it, click save symbol in the page, and it will be instantly down loaded to your desktop computer. At last if you’d like to get unique and the latest graphic related to (Nailhead Accent Chair
), please follow us on google plus or save this website, we attempt our best to give you regular update with all new and fresh photos. Hope you like staying right here. For most upgrades and recent information about (Nailhead Accent Chair
) pics, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We try to offer you up grade periodically with all new and fresh photos, enjoy your browsing, and find the best for you.
) published by at . Today we are pleased to declare we have found an extremelyinteresting topicto be reviewed, that is (Nailhead Accent Chair
The translation process could take a while: in the meantime a semi-automatic translation will be provided in a few seconds.
It's been a year now since we moved into our new house, aka my grandparent's house, and finished completely gutting and remodeling it.
Instead of reviewing our year as I usually do (who wants to relive this year? LOL), I thought it might be interesting to reflect on the reno a little. This seems to be the time that we are starting to notice a few things we regret/wish we had thought of/would have done differently.
And maybe it will be handy to some of you in the future if you are planning some sprucing up around your house.
This is the front of our house before. It's hard to tell because of the overgrown bushes, but the brick was grayish. Prison grayish.
Despite MANY MANY MANY protests from "the menfolk" working here, I had them paint the bricks bright white. But our siding is dark, dark gray. I don't regret the paint at all, but it needs something to tie it to the gray of the siding.
These damn countertops. I know what I was thinking - I couldn't afford stone, I didn't want laminate, this seemed to be the best choice.
I HATE these bloody things. They are always filthy. They are hard to clean. They are grease stained. They are paint stained. They are food stained. They do not wipe off easily. Every glass a kid sets down leaves water marks. Stuff accumulates in the cracks that WILL NOT COME OUT. If you oil them as IKEA instructs then every single thing you set down on them will be so greasy when you pick it up it looks like you deep fried it at McDonalds.
I am considering some marine grade varnish to make them at least wipeable until I can afford something else. (Which will be $$$$ since our island is SO WIDE.)
And the other BIG problem. We have these sort of fancy baseboards in every square inch of the 2,200 sq ft house. I CANNOT get the top edge clean. At all. I asked around and the consensus was that yes, that style is hard to clean. OKAY THEN. I shall live with it. Except no matter what I tried they WILL NOT COME CLEAN on the top.
When we were painting baby girl's room again I realized why. They have all been caulked to the walls. And dust sticks like mad to the caulk. Which will not wipe clean. (Nor will it vacuum clean.)
And then it occurred to me that the only remedy for this problem is to somehow PAINT all 4 million linear feet of baseboard on the top edge so the paint is wipeable/vaccumable. (Which my dad, the carpenter, confirmed.)
I chose a plastic laundry room slop sink. It is so paint stained and nothing will clean it up. Stainless or porcelain would have been a MUCH better choice.
Our hall bathroom tub faucet only has two speeds - all the way on or all the way off. (This NEVER even occurred to me when I was choosing it.) It's fine, but Jack and I like to sort of dribble warm water into the tub while we bathe to keep the rest of the water warm. Not an option with that thing!
All in all I think we did pretty well. There were only about 1,456,798 decisions to make when doing a remodel like we did and regretting 5 or 6 things seems like a pretty good average to me!
And with that, I am off until January 2. We have another OB appt today and reservations at my favorite Indian restaurant for dinner. YUMMM.
When I come back I will open up sign ups for the heart to heart swap and get on with showing you Miss Thing's room. :-)
I took down ALL of the Christmas stuff yesterday. I still need to wrap and store the vintage ornaments which are in a laundry basket in the sewing room, but every last bit of it is GONE.
The car seat is installed, diapers are purchased, her room is mostly finished (minus storage basket liners and a few more little quilts).
So, while the rest of you are organizing and purging and planning for a new year, I fully intend to spend the next 2.5 weeks just waiting for the baby.
Perhaps I should go pull out some magazines for inspiration while I spend the rest of the holiday vacation wasting too many hours watching HGTV. :-)
This picture may not look like much, but if you look hard you can see Jack lying on the floor just beyond this giant castle. He was so surprised to see it here that he actually fell on the floor. LOL
(And what a relief to this mama that was. About 2 weeks ago he started asking for a different, large, $$$ toy that I knew Santa wasn't going to provide. It was ALL he talked about. I was terrified he was going to ask where it was this morning!)
What toys Santa *did* choose seem to be a big hit, despite the fact there are no pricey electronics, no violent toys, no popular characters, etc. Lots of science toys and craft projects and toys to stretch his growing imagination and intellect. Yippee for that. (And I don't usually even think about that kind of stuff to be honest. I don't hate Thomas or anything like that. It was challenging to find toys that I thought a 6 year old with a big brain would actually use. I desperately do not want MORE "STUFF" that is just stuff.)
I ended up putting a little vintage tree in our room. I really wanted another big tree there, but I just have no energy for that. It was nice to have a little sparkle in that corner. (But I am ready to take it down, I want to put the baby's bassinet there.)
We decided several years ago to do our family get together on a day other than Christmas (usually Christmas Eve, but it was too snowy yesterday), and it is really nice to be able to stay in our jammies and let Jack play with everything he wants to for a whole day. It makes a nice stress free day.
Back when I was pregnant with Jack I HATED this OB. Could not stand the man. But now that I have learned how to really communicate with him I think I love him. He doesn't care when I am bossy and he will go out of his way to make sure I am feeling comfortable with what is happening. Even if we do butt heads about everything. :-)
He took plenty of time to make sure EVERYTHING is a-okay with Miss Thing. Her cord is fine, her fluid is fine, she is still head down, and after another 20 minutes on the heart rate/contraction monitor she has been declared "classically reactive".
I have a tiny bit of cervical dilation, which is probably why I had the bleeding. (Which you can only see via u/s. Right, that u/s the hospital didn't bother doing.)
I've told him that I will not be returning that "treat and street ASAP" hospital again and he didn't even blink.
Bonus points to him for helping me find the dreidel that Jack has been asking for and is totally impossible to find in our county.
I'm here. I had a very small amount of bleeding* last night around 11 pm which promptly FREAKED ME OUT. Maybe if I were a "regular" pregnant lady I would have ignored it and went to sleep.
We spent almost two hours there trying a million different things to get Miss Thing's little ticker tape to "be textbook." Which never happened. I really felt like the nurses were pushing to just send me home while the midwife was trying to get what she needed on that piece of paper to reassure her.
After some apple juice the midwife decided she was never going to get what she wanted and that Miss Thing was moving enough to send us home.
Of course she offered the usual reassurances "she's fine really. This is not unusual." Followed with "go home and lie on your side, because she seems happiest there."
I have definitely noticed her moving less if I am sitting or standing. If I eat something she passes their 10 kicks/per hour test, but, well, blah blah blah.
I am slightly perturbed that they didn't ultrasound her to make sure her cord and placenta are still fine.
I tried to call the OB but they have weird holiday hours today and I have an appointment tomorrow afternoon, so, I will be here, lying on the couch, counting a moving baby all day and hoping there are no return visits to L&D between now and 2 pm tomorrow.
This is just about the exact same time that my pregnancy with Jack started to shoot down the pipeline to hell and last night my blood pressure was insanely high. (Which is what started the *real* panic with Jack.)
Did I mention how much I HATE the big baby factory here in St Louis? I wish I could make those people understand that for some of us this baby thing is a dark and scary road. We are more than just patient #103,408 of the day.
Anyway. Think of us? My little mommy voice isn't saying "OMG we are all going to die!!" but it isn't exactly saying "this is no big thing, go buy the wrapping paper" either.
Well, yesterday was exciting. Dave is still working on the basement play room and he sliced open his hand doing the wiring. So we spent part of last night in the urgent care getting him sewn back together. 7 stitches, 2 hours and plenty of whining about missing dinner from the Jack attack later, we were back home.
When I showed you the tree the last time some of you thought I was done. Except I still had to put another 300 ornaments on it! (And it could still use more, but I ran out of steam.)
The cats are driving me INSANE with the tree this year. My fattest cat (who weighs like 20 lbs) thinks it's fun to stand on his hind legs and reach up in the tree and scratch on the pole. Which shakes the whole tree and gives me a heart attack. Then the other two naughties WILL NOT STOP EATING THE PLASTIC NEEDLES which, of course, then they run all over the house puking up everywhere.
Speaking of taking it down - some of you have asked on facebook about the heart to heart swap this year. I have every intention of doing it this year, baby or not. I will announce the details as soon as Christmas is over and open up sign ups then.
Time just keeps getting away from me! I thought we were well prepared for Christmas, but there was still the ham to buy, the drive through light display to see (still undone), the live tree for the play room to buy (and decorate, that makes tree #7 for me), etc. And Christmas is 5 days away!
I have been making slow but steady progress on the baby's room. And we have the car seat installed. And diapers in the house. That's something, right?
The second "tree" I put up was the putz house tree. I let Jack choose which tree to put in the foyer and he chose the houses. In previous years he has been ENTHRALLED by those little houses, nearly driving me to the crazy house constantly moving them around. This year? Eh. He hasn't even touched them.
One of these years I am going to buy enough rice lights to go under the "snow" (batting) so they can be lit up. I WISH, WISH, WISH that I had had Sparky (the electrician) put an outlet in that nook so I could plug things in on that table.
(And not the chandelier that has been sitting on the floor there forever. Someone from Craiglist came to buy it, and despite seeing photos of it and it being every color under the rainbow, he declared that it didn't match a damn thing in their house and he had no clue why his wife wanted it. So I still own it. Sigh.)
Those little trees are actually dollhouse Christmas trees I bought in Chicago many moons ago. They have tiny spun cotton candles on them. Love.
I noticed a few of you mentioned our woodland tree on your own blogs (and wondered if we were doing it again this year), so I thought I would show you that tree first.
It was the first tree I put up. In the first week of November. (And BOY HOWDY am I ever glad I did this stuff then, it would NOT be happening right now.)
I used the woodland skirt I made a few years ago again. I know some of you wonder how on earth we can have fragile trees with kids and cats, but the trees here are generally screwed down to a table. This one is on an old typing table. (And each ornament is wired on.)
I tried to put away all of the woodland themed ornaments in one box the last time I did this tree so that putting it up again would be quick. (No hunting through 400 boxes for those ornaments.)
This tree happens to be holding the ornaments that Jack is REALLY infatuated with this year - my very old birds. He loves their tails.
We have a "snow" day here today. (Ice really.) I am SO relieved to not have drive Jack back and forth to kindy today. But on the other hand, he has been up since well before dawn and it is only 8 30 am! I tried to plan ahead and buy some craft supplies for a craft he has been asking to do yesterday, but Michael's was totally sold out of what I needed and I couldn't walk anymore to go to Joanns.
Back tomorrow with the putz village. How can Christmas be next week already? (And who is going to put all this stuff away? LOLOLOL)
Oh yes, I argued with Urban Outfitters for a month over that rug. I spent hours on the phone. I called 4 different states to get that rug.
I waddled to 10 stores and bought many, many pairs of curtains (which now must all be returned) and I tried them all on the window.
I tried to make this work. I tried to buy orange or fuschia or turquoise or bold yellow. (The rug is much brighter/darker than the photos show.)
Trying to force myself out of my somewhat "shabby, cottagey, collected with love" box has caused me to question my need for a good therapist. (If only I were kidding! I suspect this nonsense is a manifestation of my fears about this baby's safety.)
I do not buy 10 pairs of curtains for one window. I do not test paint colors. I do not buy and return things. I do not worry about these things.
So today, I am banishing the bane of my existence. I am going to stop changing dust ruffles and stop trying to force the artwork to fit that damn rug. I am going to hang up the stuff I love and be FREE of it!
And then I am going to hope the cats don't puke all over that blasted rug while it lives in the playroom.
How about some Christmas and no kids? Barbara insists I show it soon. :-) (Truth be told I am frustrated, frustrated by that nursery project. I CANNOT find what I want, everything is outrageously expensive and I just want to be done with it. Gah. I miss garage sale season! I am totally spoiled by never having to buy anything retail.)
Last year Laurie sent a box with tree toppers in it as a housewarming present for our new house. And much to my surprise when I was unpacking stuff this year I discovered that I had found quite a few of them myself this year and had been squirreling them away everywhere!
So I decided to put ALL the tree toppers on the mantel this year. Glass glitter ones, plastic ones, my favorite foil one, and all of the precious glass ones (both old and new). Because I didn't want some of my more special bottle brush trees to get lost in the shuffle, I put those in the cloches.
I also plopped the last two things I bought at the flea market this year up there too - cute vintage Santas!
Several boxes have arrived for Miss Thing, making for the most wonderful kind of virtual baby shower. They are always filled to the brim with beautiful vintage goodness for our baby girl. (If I haven't shown yours yet, I am slowly working my way through taking pictures. I am finding it hard to get a good photo of anything right now, lol.)
The first box to arrive was from April . I showed you the doll quilt she sent, but nestled in amongst that quilt was this unfinished quilt top:
filled with these sweet little kittens. It took me a long time to decide what to do with it, but yesterday I was spurred on in a fit of creative juices.
Not only did I get to dig through (and use) some of my MOST beloved vintage fabrics, it made me remember how satisfying it is to turn little pieces of fabric into something wonderful.
And doll quilts happen to be a good project for right now since they are fairly labor UNintensive and don't require hours of standing or sitting. (Both of which are becoming impossible. I can barely reach the kitchen faucet over the belly right now. LOL)
And it's the one year I didn't buy Jack new snow pants (I thought we had a size six from last year) and I discovered we only had a 5T and they are 8 inches too short! (There wasn't enough snow last year to even wear them but once or twice.)
We bought a Wilton mini village kit this year. I won't make that mistake again. (We had to cut all the pieces, make the icing, wait hours, and there were too many houses to hold Jack's attention for very long. I will be sticking to the Costco "gingerbread for very lazy mothers" kit next year.)
While I was taking the photos I noticed how lovely the new house truly is. At the other house our gingerbread photos always included piles of detritus every where in the background.
We painted the baby's room this week and once I get it put back together I am very nearly ready for her too. I've hit the thrift a few times this week scoring clothes for her and a few longer sweaters for me to cover the ever expanding belly. Now I can relax, make a few more little quilts for her and spend more time at the thrift! Yesssssssssssssssssssss.
I will be back soon to start some Christmas decor photos. Or baby's room photos. Or something. Enjoy your Sunday!
* I actually am ready. Presents bought, cards long mailed, trees decorated. And despite nearly going into labor in the middle of the grocery store on Friday, I have enough groceries for the next 3 weeks.
Trying like mad to squeeze in a few moments for myself while mothering my three growing ducks. Need to contact me? makinprojiks at gmail dot com.
Here's my collection of unique MIDI files made by yours truly. I have many more MIDI's, but many of them can be found in the various MIDI dumps elsewhere on this Forum. The ones included in this collection cannot be found elsewhere (to my knowledge) and is why I decided to post them. Most are solos, but there are a couple duets and they are labeled accordingly in the filename. Enjoy!
JavaServer™ Faces (JSF) is the latest Java™ web application technology, building on the experience gained from Java Servlets, JavaServer™ Pages (JSP), and numerous commercial and open source web application frameworks. JSF defines an event-driven, component-based model for web application development, similar to the model that has been used successfully for standalone GUI application for years. This is an area that has received a lot of attention from vendors over the last few years. The highly anticipated publication of a Java Community Process (JCP) developed specification that addresses this need means that vendors can now focus on developing first-class development tools and user interface components based on the JSF specification rather than reinventing the wheel with proprietary APIs, and you will reap all the benefits of a larger market.
I started writing this Haitian voodoo story a few years ago. This fascinating country with its colourful history inspired me.
“Are you still there, Antonia?” a distant male voice asked over the telephone. Antonia didn’t reply. She was numb. “Antonia!” the voice urged. “Antonia, answer me. Can you hear me?” “I can hear you,” she said slowly. “You still haven’t told me. Is my husband dead?”
“We’ve had no news,” the deep, sonorous voice replied. “All we know is that several days ago Nick and one of our own freelancers went to speak to one of the rebel commanders, who is at the head of a crime family in Gonaives, sixty miles north of our Haitian capital, and we haven’t heard from either of them since.”
“Well, kind of nothing. I mean, nobody’s out searching for them,” her foreign contact admitted. “To all intents and purposes there’s a civil war going on here, Antonia. If they don’t return we’ll be forced to assume that they got caught up in the fighting. It’s too dangerous to go anywhere at the moment. I know that your instinct will be to call the honorary consul in Dominica, the Brazilian head of the UN mission on the ground here in Haiti or the Haitian interior minister. In fact, you might want to call all three, but remember, it won’t make any difference. The fact is, nobody, no matter who you call, is going to go into rebel-held territory to look for your husband. It’s simply too dangerous. Nick knew the risks when he came out here.”
Antonia’s tongue felt as though it had stuck to the roof of her mouth. Her slender hands were shaking.
“They’ve been incommunicado for six days and nobody has even so much as lifted a finger to find out whether they’re alive or dead!” she screamed. “I’m coming out there.”
“I wouldn’t advise that,” the man at the other end of Antonia’s phone line advised. “Antonia, don’t come out here. It isn’t…”
The tall and determined Englishwoman had already put the telephone receiver down before her contact had finished speaking. Without hesitation she threw her passport, some clothes and her wallet into a hold-all bag, crossed her patio and fired up her red, hatch-backed car. Antonia didn’t employ any of her usual caution while reversing the few yards from her gleaming white garage door to the road. And as she sped away backwards from the crescent of modern, red-brick houses, which made up her secure world, the frantic would-be-rescuer spun and stalled. Seconds later, with a nasty squeal of rubber on tarmac, she shot forward from the tip of her secluded street into a stream of oncoming traffic.
As a newcomer, the first thing that Antonia noticed from her aeroplane window about the Caribbean island of Hispaniola was the extraordinary contrast between the Haitian and Dominican landscapes. The larger part of the island below to her right was flush with green vegetation. The left-hand side was mostly an exhausted grey desert. As the plane drew closer to its destination, its anxious passenger could see that scattered along the bleached rocky mountainsides, individual trees stood isolated and exposed. They waited to be uprooted, stripped and burned. This was her first visit to the ruined paradise island. But the Caribbean treasure which had once been the exalted French slave colony of Saint Dominique, was no longer the beautiful, wealthy haven that it had once been. Today, the opposite was true. The land had been defoliated. She knew from Nick’s accounts, that no matter how degraded the flora had become, in this place its people fared immeasurably worse.
Moments later, as their local island pilot was thanking his guests for their custom in a bouncing, sun-kissed, tropical lilt, she and her fellow passengers disembarked. Along with eight Europeans from a UN fact finding mission, Antonia huddled below the empty aircraft, shielding her eyes from the ferocious glare of the noonday, Antilles’ sun. Then her small gathering made its way timidly across the landing strip towards the first of a series of white, low-level buildings which made up the diminutive Toussaint L’Ouverture International Airport. In the arrivals terminal Antonia was met by a sign which read:
“We are sorry to welcome you in such uncomfortable circumstances, but we are working hard to improve this.”
From its discoloured and chipped appearance the notice gave everyone the distinct impression that it had been there for quite some time. Its sturdy wall-bolts made Antonia feel sure that should she ever return to the place, it would still be there to greet her when she did. Through a blistering heat haze, the din of overhead jet engines and a cacophony of shouting porters, Antonia jostled her way towards the crowded terminal’s customs barriers. Beyond those, barricaded outside the airport’s flimsy buildings, yet still fighting to be first to reach the passengers, a sea of dark masculine faces, gap-toothed and weathered, shouted at the Europeans, “Bonjour blanc! Me, I carry you luggage. Give me money! Hey money? I hungry, no eat! Give me one dollar!”
The Englishwoman could see no prospect of how she or her fellow travellers might ever make their way through such an aggressive looking swarm of people. And indeed, some of the foreigners ahead of her, who were having their luggage ripped from their hands by gangs of unofficial porters, were discovering that they couldn’t. Transfixed, she stared as two of these self- appointed baggage handlers, who were fighting over a large, red suitcase, ripped their prize apart and then proceeded to hurl its contents and unlimited quantities of invective at one another. “Antonia? Antonia Barker?” a young man’s voice called out from between the customs checkpoint and the agitated mob outside the terminal building. Although she had been expecting the honorary British consul in Haiti to meet her there, she was still a little surprised when, with no difficulty, Jean Christophe managed to pick her out amid the confusion. “How do I contact the rebel commander who last had contact with my husband?” Antonia panted, hoisting her shoulder-bag onto her back and lurching between two fat American missionaries in garish Hawaiian, sleeveless shirts.
Antonia’s guide led her through an unobtrusive side exit, away from the crowd and outside to a dust-covered, white four-wheel-drive jeep. “You personally? You don’t! Your husband had safe passage between our capital city and the rebel territory in Gonaives,” the voluntary diplomat informed her. “Of course, in your own country you have organised crime. Organised crime is something that happens everywhere, all over the world, that is, except in Haiti. In Haiti we have disorganised crime instead. I’m afraid, it’s just something you’re going to have to get used to. If you really want to find out what happened to him I suggest you start at the radio station where he worked when he arrived. Hold on,” he added, shoving their vehicle into gear. Seconds later having churned up a cloud of dust, the diplomat surged forward tipping his passenger backwards in her seat.
“I have to apologise in advance for my speed,” the Haitian said. “But the airport road we’re on now is one of the most dangerous roads in our city. We can’t afford to dawdle here.”
As he spoke a number of gaudily painted open-backed vans, stuffed with smiling passengers holding fruit and live chickens, drew up beside his window. Including their own, there were now three cars travelling abreast in the road, leaving no space on the opposite side of the road for oncoming traffic. A battered white car with a smashed windshield, which was approaching them at high speed, swerved, slid off the road throwing a huge cloud of dirt into the air and then skidded back onto the hard surface seconds later and continued its journey as though nothing had happened.
“In Haiti you can drive on any side,” Jean Christophe assured her. “But you must make sure there’s nobody else on it first.”
“Haiti is the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. Did you know?” her driver said. “One of our greatest killers is Port-Au-Prince’s lack of sanitation facilities. A recent UNICEF report shows only a third of the population of this side of the island has access to adequate sanitation. Just look around. You can see what I’m talking about.”
With his foot pressing the jeep’s accelerator pedal hard against the floor, Jean sped past endless festering piles of domestic rubbish, stacked as high as the rudimentary slum-dwellings which bordered them on all sides. Between the houses and the road mosquitoes swarmed around foul smelling pools of green scum. Flyblown carcasses of feral dogs with their snarling muzzles locked open in the burning sun and their scorched tongues flopping uselessly in the dust, lay scattered here and there. Over the dead animals listless dark-skinned children shuffled. With no sign of excitement, they reacted instinctively to the white foreigner in her speeding car with upraised hands and wide, hollow and starving eyes. Antonia pressed her arm against her face in an effort both to evade the merciless stench and simultaneously ease her gagging reflex.
And now, seconds later, they swung past splendid rows of orchids in every imaginable colour. In this comparative garden of Eden there were no putrid heaps. In a wide, steeply sloping, treeless street called Rue Delmas, overlooking the horseshoe shaped inlet of Port-Au-Prince Bay, the diplomat pulled into a concreted yard guarded by two huge iron gates. Ahead of them lay a long, split-level house painted aqua and salmon. The dwelling was almost buried behind creeping flowers of many kinds.
“Wait here,” he instructed his passenger, while checking over his shoulder to see if the gates were being closed behind them. “Don’t get out. Just wait here.”
Seconds later Antonia’s guide returned accompanied by a short, stout, black woman with plaited hair. She looked older than thirty, perhaps even forty, but Antonia couldn’t tell exactly what age she was. The woman wore a full white robe and held a bottle full of a clear liquid mixed with whole orange chilli peppers in her right hand.
“Antonia, this is Manbo Boukman,” the driver explained. “She’s one of the priestesses of our local religion and she’s going to look after you during your stay in Haiti. You can climb out of the car now.”
The diplomat led the way up a short and steep spiral of red-tiled steps. In front of and above them, a trellis ran the full length of the house, separated from the pastel painted walls all the way around by a narrow patio, and upon it grew sweet- smelling blossoms brown in colour with livid yellow spots. A small, tattered wooden sign above the door read Radio Free Haiti.
Neither Jean nor Manbo Boukman offered to help Antonia with her case as she struggled up the steps behind them. When Antonia reached the others the woman priestess was shaking sweet smelling water at her feet.
“We must bless you,” she said, holding a small, greyish, rough fabric bag with an aromatic, herbaceous odour in Antonia’s face with an outstretched, fleshy arm. “First hang this gris-gris around your neck. It wards off evil and brings good luck. Do you know why you have come?”
Antonia looked surprised. She wasn’t sure if the question was real or a part of Manbo Boukman’s blessing. She frowned.
“Now, like I’m doing, you must throw water on the ground so that the Vodou Gede spirits can save you,” the Haitian woman instructed. “Open your eyes.” Antonia didn’t understand.
From the bottle she held, Manbo Boukman poured a generous helping of clear spirit onto her ample palm and rubbed it into her face. Taking more she flicked open her robe to reveal her nakedness and rubbed a further generous helping between her sturdy legs.
“You see?” she cried triumphantly. “I am with the Gede spirits. Haitian people live in families. Our spirits live in families, too. It’s our lwa or spirits who look after the people. You see? To see you have first to open your eyes!”
The Englishwoman didn’t respond. She simply stared at her hostess’ disordered clothing and said nothing. The priestess poured more spirit into her palm and placed her bottle at her feet.
With her empty hand she drew Antonia close, raising the liquid into the air and then smothering her visitor’s face. Antonia cried out. From the savage pain it seemed as though an entire pack of the devil’s hell hounds had seized her face and was trying to rip it from her skull.
“It’s burning me!” she shrieked, sinking into a stooping crouch and thrashing this way and that. “Get it off me! Get it off!”
“To look,” Manbo Boukman corrected. “You’ve come to look. Nothing is what it seems in Haiti. But to be able to look in Haiti you have to open your eyes. I know where your husband is.”
“Everybody knows. It’s not just me. The most important family, at the moment, in Gonaives, where your husband went, is the Clavette family. I say at the moment, because it’s important. Things change quickly in Haiti. Families rise and fall. Here we have militias or factions. In your country or Scotland, you’d probably recognise the name ‘clan’. You could say that Felipe Clavette leads the most influential clan in Haiti, for now. It was he who invited your husband to Gonaives. It’s no secret. Any person in the street can tell you that.”
“We must contact them and ask them to send him back,” Antonia asserted. “Why hasn’t anybody done this already?”
“The religious leaders, we houngans, hounsi and manbos are the only ones who can pass freely in and out of Gonaives. At times like these, during the fighting, it’s too dangerous to go there without the protection of the spirits. That’s why the honorary consul brought you to me. Come with me. I’ll show you how we prepare ourselves for such a journey. First you must make an offering of food to the spirits and ask for guidance. I’ll show you. Come, follow me.”
Behind the building and therefore hidden from the main approach to the house, a smooth, grassy path led beyond a row of papaya, cashew and mango trees some way into the distance. Antonia hesitated, rooted to the spot. The evening’s awe inspiring sunset framed the mouth of Port-Au- Prince Bay below them in a kaleidoscope of fiery colours.
Part of the way along the path another track crossed their route from east to west. Two strangers, one male and the other female, moving without haste, approached them on Antonia’s left. Both of the newcomers nursed a burning candle. Manbo Boukman stepped forward. She greeted the first, a tall dark-skinned man, dressed in a sombre top hat and tails, who, in spite of the failing daylight, was wearing sun glasses. Instantly the pair then began an elaborate hand shaking ritual which lasted several seconds.
“Ayi bobo”, the immaculately dressed stranger replied, placing his hand flat on the centre of his chest.
Within minutes it had become clear to Antonia that a number of extensive gardens had merged to create a large tropical space. Beneath dangling avocados, bread fruit and pineapple palms she turned, marvelling at such an oasis of nature’s bounty placed in the centre of so much appalling deprivation. She didn’t have long to ponder, however. The area in which she stood filled rapidly with strangers. Each visitor bore an additional candle in one hand and a miniature, wooden coffin in the other. All were black-skinned and all dressed in the same flowing, white robes. Three huge men, each considerably taller than six feet, formed a semi-circle. Before him, each man had placed a conical drum.
Antonia had already guessed that she had been summoned to witness some form of local tradition. Since she knew that Manbo Boukman was a Vodou priestess it hadn’t been difficult for her to deduce the religious nature of the unfolding ceremony, but she was not aware of its significance. Beneath two giant, gnarled, looming, slate-grey Mapou trees, which sheltered a large and ancient wooden cross, Manbo Boukman pulled Antonia to her side.
“The Gede family of spirits lives inside these sacred trees,” she explained. “To bring them out we must sing to them. Listen.” In short rhyming lines of verse, mesmerising in its gentle harmony, the candle-lit, white-robed chorus sang:
Now it was time for the drums to hammer out a fast and penetrating conga drum rhythm. Each rapid, hollow, sonic boom was followed by a faint tinny echo among the overhanging Mapou branches, and instantly succeeded by the next thump, in an incessant and hypnotic pounding. Manbo Boukman pulled Antonia into the centre of the ecstatic gathering. Gesturing wildly to the drummers, she whipped their hectic beat into a frenzy.
“Baron Samdi here,” she shouted, pulling Antonia towards the man dressed in a top hot, tails and sun glasses, “he has just spoken to your husband.”
Did you like reading the beginning to this Haitian voodoo story? Do you have any experience of Haitian voodoo even? How should it go on? Leave me a comment, please.
Oxford or Prison, an Interesting Narrative (of sorts) written in the language and spirit of certain dearly beloved Sons of Africa.
Hey there, how was your Easter holiday? I took a break from my work and I choose to spent most of the free time with my family, but now I’m back in business with a new fresh post. Let’s talk about beauty and my Pick N Dazzle Premium box #3!
If you followed my previous posts, you probably know already that I am so pleased with their products. After I tried some make-up and hair goodies, so moisturizing that smell amazing, this time I chose some skin care products. My skin has become very sensitive lately, so I really needed some delicate and regenerating products.
ABELLIE is a brand well-known for the detailed research on organic cosmetology in French laboratories, specialised in organic cosmetology. It’s efficient, eco-friendly and perfect for every skin type. I was looking for a long time to try an eco product and I’m so happy that I found this brand.
The scrub has a gentle texture, pleasant smell, offering a delicate exfoliation with apricot flavour. I started to apply this product twice a week and until now I had excellent results!
This organic foaming gel with bee propolis works perfect with the face scrub. For best results, usually is good to use skin care products of the same brand and this is exactly what I did. This great formula offerd me the perfect treatment and a cleaner skin.
The texture of the foaming gel is very soft, allows to purify superior layers of the skin, and cleanses pores. Has become indispensable in my evening cleansing ritual.
Finally, I can say goodbye to my pale face in the morning, thanks to this great CC Cream! If I don’t have any shooting, I’m used to choose a natural makeup for my daily meetings. I don’t like to cover my face all the time with foundation, but still I need a smooth coverage for my skin. So, this cream offers me the perfect light texture and a nice color.
Works perfect either for natural or glam make-up and has a pretty velvety texture, long-lasting on the lips.
Well, It was about time to try a fine treatment for my hands! So, what else could be just perfect than anice soap, with a special formula for sensitive skin also.
More, this soap dispenser is designed with an exotic and original look with diamond-like details and the soap can be replaced with another one optional.
Did you know that Pick N Dazzle offers a great election of men products, as well? I thought it will be great to give him a surprise and I ordered this perfume. What a perfect choice! Love Attack has a fresh long lasting fragrance, which can be worn both during the day or in the evening.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Accept
Get the best music news, local alerts, weather coverage and traffic updates in the Tyler area with the new Classic Rock 96.1 app! Listen to the live stream of your favorite Classic Rock 96.1 and tweet or call the show directly from the app. Get interactive with our mix shows, make instant requests and receive timely notifications on breaking news, contests and more! Save articles and viral stories for reading later and share on Facebook and Twitter.
This is the first version of the Classic Rock 96.1 app with many more features planned. Please share your feedback from within the Classic Rock 96.1 app by clicking the 'Send App Feedback' link in the menu.
Hudson Walk & Hudson Mews 780 Fisgard Street, 755 & 785 Caledonia Avenue, Victoria Modern Townhomes, Studio, 1 and 2 BR Rental Apartments Downtown Victoria steps to Market, shops and transit. All units have in-suite Laundry, Balcony or Patio; Cold and Hot water included in rent.... More
1 bedroom home, suitable for single working person or retired with small pet. References required. $595. per month. Hydro extra (approx $50 per month) Call: 604-614-7466 More
1-2 BDRM apartments available, N/P, $875 to $975 per month. Heat included. Email support@assetcomplete.com More
VENICE Place apartments. Bachelor, 1 & 2 bdrm, balcony, elevator, underground parking. Heat included. 250-561-1446 More
460 Westview St, COQ PACIFIC HOUSE 2 BR Units Units include: insuite W/D, updated. Views, 11th floor. Small Pet Welcome: at full weight of 25lbs or less. Amenities: Pool, Gym +more. Near Lougheed Mall, transit, Skytrain, SFU & ESL schools. Parking Stalls Included • ... More
Reorgnanized some stuff, made the front page nicer, ya know. Fit black women tumblr. When it showed you just how useful lube really is: I DO want to help people, and sex education is something I really think is important, so for now, do not give up hope on my sex blog. Sex ideas tumblr. An Interview with EurydiceVivien Dean. Linkspam for people giving ace advice queenieofaces: Let yourself feel what you want to feel. Mom voyeur tumblr. What will you do if they kick you out??
It also depends on your comfort with traditionally binary-gendered terms. For anorgasmia, the technique most useful is a distraction technique, which involves the man distracting himself with erotic fantasies while his penis is being stimulated. Share On sms Share On sms. Our neighbours must hate how squeaky this bed is.
Its important for you to foster a safe space for yourself, and getting involved in your community is a good way to start. In face, larger size or feeling of fullness can actually distract from it. A Study in Fanfic.
The care put into integrating information for trans women alongside everything else is just one example of all the things this book got right. Jasmine a nude. Tumblr is like Pinterest for sex — all sorts of things you want to try that will most likely look nothing like the picture, but that you will get super-excited about and maybe even find a new favorite by trying.
First off, different bodies are different. Alrighty, test out how you feel!! An Anatomy of a Flame War. But this is not a perfect world, and you are 16, a legal minor. Sex ideas tumblr. Cyndy Aleo algonquinrt; d0tpark3r V.
Have you considered checking out a linkspam? If you feel like you know exactly which genders you fluctuate between, you could choose gendered words based on how you feel at that time — for example, some people know that on some days they feel like a princess and on others, like a pretty boy… you get the idea.
Figure out what you want- do you wanna come out? An Interview with EurydiceVivien Dean. But because one of the reasons for this is that anxiety is a reflex response which makes adrenaline flowed through the body, providing adequate strength an opportunity for escape from danger.
The new Tasty app is here! Orgasm tends to happen more quickly when the technique that is being employed during sexual activity is distracting rather than focusing on what is actually happening, that is. Most likely, there are multiple resources for LGBT youth available in your area. Minimal Theme designed by Artur Kim. Do not be afraid to be gay or anything inbetween.
If you decide you like girls 10 years from now? Mad as a Box of Frogs. An Interview with Doug Wright. Sex ideas tumblr. Queens-based artist and illustrator Katie Skelly creates a variety of brilliant SFW comics, but her NSFW series "Agent 8" and "Agent 9" are both steamy, space age explorations of intergalactic sensuality.
Another friend came to terms with who he was when he was The Theory of Narrative Causality. An Interview with Jonathan Lethem.
Trump calls on voters to back alleged sex abuser Roy Andrea Leadsom backs Michael Gove's claim that Parents slam Christmas pantomime after 'smutty' Rapunzel Often, these photos appear to be candid, taken by paparazzi without the permission, or even knowledge, of the subject herself. Naked school girl selfies. Katt Moss shows off a growing paunch L while Janice Dickinson's leopard print bikini does little to compliment her figure. Beach cameltoe tumblr. The TV personality has been working hard to trim down over recent months, but her lack of conditioning was clear to see as she stomped through the surf during the early stages of her weight loss campaign.
You agree that you may use this Data only for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data to: If anyone has any objection to any post, please advise and they Khloe Kardashian shows off 'baby bump' in oversized coat after calling Tristan Thompson 'Daddy' The reality star is reportedly past the six-month mark. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Chanelle Hayes looked considerably bigger during a recent trip to Spain.
Fortunately, because of her active, glamorous lifestyle, it's not hard to find Ariana Grande bikini pics around the Web. Public nude sex pic. Revellers over-do the festive spirits as police are called in to break up fights and Alexa world traffic rank is , and Page speed score of 85 out of Vito Schnabel frolics with ex Heidi Klum's bikini-clad pal
How a lorry driver shortage could stop you getting your Christmas presents: A paradise for paedophiles: Something went wrong on the server. Www free sex pictures com. Ex-boyfriend admits killing university student who was Parents slam Christmas pantomime after 'smutty' Rapunzel mimes shaving her 'intimate area' in front of Share or comment on this article e-mail. A lot of harm, turns out. Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.
Posting the video onto Imgur, the uploader wrote: Ex-Manchester City goalkeeper's girlfriend, 23, sent a Both Kendall Jenner L and Alyson Hannigan have revealed extremely thin waistlines while frolicking on the beach.
Ripped off by the Ritz: Equally awkward pictures emerged if another Big Brother star in Chantelle Houghton, whose jog along a Spanish beach did not conjure images of Bo Derek.
And the red colour, often seen as lucky in some parts of the world, certainly helped their cause with US beauties April Ross and Kerri Walsh Jennings winning their first match in the preliminary round against Australia. Food drops in lap, not on belly. Meanwhile presenter Donna Air appeared to go in the opposite direction while peeling off her top in the Caribbean during a romantic break with former boyfriend Sam Goldstone.
She has since shed the belly after attending a tough spa in Thailand. Bella Hadid arrives fresh A lot of harm, turns out. Share or comment on this article e-mail. Beach cameltoe tumblr. The true story of a British spy's Manchester United, City, Arsenal, Liverpool and Chelsea latest ahead of the January window We'll keep you updated on all the latest on potential moves around Europe ahead of the January transfer window.
TOWIE babe Frankie Essex looked tanned, but not particularly toned as she frolicked with her man in a pair of saggy white bikini bottoms. Would you want a doctor convicted of manslaughter to care for YOUR child?
Posted in Blog, Quotes in ImagesTagged grief, images with quotes, loss, memories, quotes, Ranata Suzuki, remember
My heartfelt book, Losing Alex, which I wrote after the loss of my first baby, Alex, who was stillborn at full term, is now officially an AudioBook and I couldn't be more proud and humbled by the amazing voice of Marsha Waterbury, for lending her talents for my story.
LL Cool J introduces this tribute to Aretha Franklin, because he has won a Grammy, is black, and also on a CBS show. Kate: Wouldn’t it have been awesome is LL hadn’t spelled RESPECT correctly during his intro? A girl can dream. Whatever, the tribute to Aretha is great. I cried.
KB: This is the greatest group of people ever! They include Jennifer Hudson, Martina McBride, Florence without her Machine, Yolanda Adams (who everyone was like “Gigga what?!” but is a Gospel singer, and Christina Aguilera, who appears to be in front of a microphone stand made of anal beads. But it’s all good; this is an amazing medley and why we watch the Grammys. It will all be downhill from here (Note: It mostly was).
“Sisters Are Doin’ It For Themselves!” It would be great if they brought Annie Lennox out right now but they won’t.
I wish I was watching The First Wives Club right now. Aretha comes on in a prerecorded video to thank everyone for “the flowers, beautiful flowers.”
Aretha’s touching moment and a lovely performance was swiftly ruined by this ad: “This Valentine’s Day, why give a diamond when you can give the family jewels?”
7:21 It is literally all downhill from here now. We all plan to now go get drunk by ourselves in separate bars because Train just won for “Hey Soul Sister.” They do seem to show a little self-awareness in their acceptance speeches, thanking “Justin Bieber for not being a duo or group” and some dude at the record label “who gave us another chance.” They are thankfully drowned out by some sort of organ music?
Ricky Martin shows up, wearing the aforementioned silver pants. Jessie: We can all eat our words, they are jeans, Ricky Martin. He pronounces Lady Gaga’s name “Ga Ga.”
It appears this egg is maybe more of a cocoon? She sounds amazing live, as per the usual, and has a lovely set of interpretive dancers.
She also has some sort of interesting sidestep dance going on? And then serenades us with a little organ interlude, perhaps the theme of the night. Jessie: Guys, Bach is with us at the Grammys. (BTW, Kate is related to him, itsnobigdeal.
7:33 I just viscerally reacted to Blake what’s his last name, who is married to Miranda Lambert. He says some inappropriate thing that Jessie thinks “means I was inside of her 20 minutes ago. Oh wait they are married!” We then have a conversation about how funny it was when Angelina Jolie and Billy Bob Thorton did that at some awards show in the limo on the way there.
Wake me up in 10 minutes, she’s performing. There’s some sort of photo montage in the background we’re mostly unimpressed with, but Jessie points out that “They’re probably Iraq veterans, assholes.”
KB: Because they’re country. Except here’s the thing, I think she’s ugly, and that’s my problem with her.
7:38 Lenny Kravitz looks good. I hope they cut to Nicole Kidman (Note: They did not. How come at every awards show, when Jennifer Aniston is presenting, they show Angelina placidly staring at the stage, but they can’t remind us of those weird days when Nicole and Lenny were a couple?)
7:49 “Music always needs new stars,” Ryan Seacrest tells us. With that, we get B.o.B wearing a monocle! A monocle! My Mom used to joke that I would have to get one because my eyes were such different prescription but they totally evened out so HAH TAKE THAT MOTHER. He drops it off when he sings “ended up with none.” None more the monocle.
And Bruno Mars gets his performance in Black and White. He’s done an old-school rendition of “Grenade” that’s a little pitchy, especially at the end, but super cool. Cyndi Lauper is pleased.
8:06 J. Biebz is singing “Baby” but it sounds like he’s singing “Bieber Bieber Bieberrrr.” I totally would buy a conspiracy theory arguing that he’s merely promoting a cultish agenda. The Pinkett-Smith’s are beaming as Jayden joins him on stage, because I guess Jayden redid The Karate Kid and Justin provided vocals.
8:14 Muse wins, so Christina is happy, and one of them “would like to give a shoutout to my beautiful pregnant girlfriend over there.” We get it dude: You knocked her up. Congrats.
8:21 This is so awkward that Best Pop Vocal is being introduced by Selena Gomez. KB points out that what if Justin wins? Are they going to make-out? CBS is sure hoping so.
We’ll never know the beginning of what Gaga said because these censors are just being very loose with bleeping, but thank god Justin Bieber didn’t win.
I have a theory that smiling at all times in required in the Pinkett-Smith household. They are always beaming.
Gaga says that when writing this track she “imagined whitney houston was singing this because I wasn’t brave enough.” I want a Whitney response, and ASAP.
CBS interrupts the show with fucking David Letterman doing one of his patented not funny Top 10 lists. This cross promotion is ridiculous.
The Avery Brothers come on, finally giving us something not remotely Top 40. They sing to us, “If youre loved by someone you’re never rejected.”
8:30 We finally get the promised Bob Dylan performance, which of course everyone hates because he doesn’t sounds like he used to, but can I point out that he’s never been the most consistent. He sings “Maggie’s Farm” in some lovely sneakers, with Mumford & Sons, which means that MC’s happy. I like his special harmonica mic. Neil Young stands up and claps at the end, while J. Lo looks bored and pissed. Stars: They never really surprise you.
Ad for the Wisconsin Dells tells us that “after you vacation in the Waterpark Capital of the world, you’ll never look at water the same way again.” I am actually dying to go.
8:43 Lady Antebellum performs “Need You Now” which is a very truthful song about being drunk late at night and missing someone, but that doesn’t make it good.
Miley Cyrus and the Kings of Leon are presenting Best Country Album together. Why not. Kings of Leon then win, and we see them freaking out backstage. It would have been cooler, if a lot meaner, to see them losing.
8:47 Cee-Lo, Gweneth Paltrow, and the Muppets? What could be better? Group consensus is that these are definitely Jim Henson lite, or the poorman’s Muppets, but a little research proves that they are indeed his work.
Gweneth does a very convincing “Ooh I really hate your ass right now!” Her shoes are amazing. We get into an argument about how much choice celebrities have when picking out their clothes with a stylist. If The Rachel Zoe Project is anything to go off of, the stylists just do the heavy lifting.
Cee-Lo, who probs didn’t have a stylist for his outfit, looks like a “Cher abominable snowman” according to Jessie.
The backdrop is images of KP’s wedding to Russell Brand. KB sceams “Yes!” Katy Perry tells us that “Teenage Dream” “goes out to all the Valentine lovers.” She mimes the line “one touch” scandalously. And then we see Nicole Kidman singing along!
9:02 John Mayer, Norah Jones and Keith Urban performing “Jolene” in honor of Dolly Parton, who received a Lifetime Achievement award tonight. Awesome. John wisely says that he’s “going to stick to the script.” Here’s a not-horrible version of it:
And then that beautiful performance was followed by yet another win for “Need You Now.” Doesn’t anyone notice that this song is awful?
He said fuck and they didn’t catch it! Take that, censors. I wonder who will literally or figuratively pay for that.
Is that Evanescence with him? Christina says it’s this girl who was in another song with Fort Minor, that band started by that guy in Linkin Park. They’re singing a new song “I Need A Doctor”, and it’s with Dr. Dre. Oh I get it!
9:21 Shock on the Biebz face when Esperanza Spalding won was crazy. The fact that no one in this category is a new artist seems to bother no one. Immediately after the win, it appears that crazed Bieber fans wreaked havoc to Spalding’s Wikipedia page, which is unfortunate, because she’s incredibly talented.
Jessie: I want a count of how many times his name has been rhymed with Swagger. Off the top of my head it’s 2, but I bet it’s much more.
9:45 Kris Kristofferson (who looks remarkably like Jeff Bridges, but maybe that’s because I watched The Big Lebowski today) introduces Barbara Streisand by saying “She’s sweetened our lives…like the music did our life.”
9:50 Will.i.am introduces the award for Best Rap Album, but seems to not realize that “since the inception of this award” is pretty meaningless as it is only a few years old.
Finally! Beyonce! KB: Why you gotta playa hate. (Note: I have no idea why she said this. The growler was finished awhile before).
Apparently they are BFFLs, according to KB and some People magazine article quoting an anonymous and bullshit source she read like six months ago.
9:58 I like that the song choice that is played as “Puff Daddy” walks up is “I Need A Girl.” His teeth look weird. Debate is had over why he is introduced as Puff Daddy, and it is settled that that’s probably the name he won his Grammys in.
Rihanna and Drake perform in front of a timber pile. Rihanna brings out the Rude Boy dance, thank god. I really wish she and Drake would reconcile as more than just collaborators. I never realized that in “What’s My Name” the exact lyrics are “Say my name, say my name — wear it out.”
10:02 Jenny from the Block has to remind us that she’s married to Marc Anthony. They really make me appreciate couples who are rarely seen together.
LADY ANTEBELLUM WINS AGAIN. They are shaking their heads in disbelief. Please shake your heads Lady Antebellum, we at home are as well. BOORRRRRINNGG.
10:20 KB gets very upset about the Chrysler commercial because of their 90 spot during the Super Bowl that was paid for with taxpayer dollars that they have Chrysler has not paid back from the bailout thankyouverymuch.
Oh but we never have to worry because Arcade Fire wins for “The Suburbs”, a place that no one who listens to them ever wants to go back to.
That was perhaps the worst display of awards handed out I’ve seen in my young life. To make yourself feel better/worse about what crap it all is, read this Slate article that KB could not stop talking about as we whined about the injustice about it all about, well, the injustice of it all. And stay tuned for a short breakdown of artists that won awards and that we should be excited about.
But what has changed in the six months between Lisa Kudrow’s two appearances on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson?
Watching the videos (especially not on youtube) the difference is clearer. While there’s no “proof” that Kudrow had Botox at one point or another, the difference in the movement of her face between the two episodes, only six months apart, is striking. I wonder about her use of Botox, and whether it was due to a change of heart, or for a role (there have been a few where Nicole Kidman’s lack of forehead movement have actually helped her seem cold and emotionless, such as in The Stepford Wives).
Relatedly, here’s a clip from an episode of Cougar Town where Kudrow guest stars as a dermatologist who doesn’t use Botox, but administers it to all her patients.
Clearly, this character doesn’t practice what she preaches, but looks good doing it. Kudrow isn’t against cosmetic changes (she discussed getting her nose done with she was 16 in the November 2002 issue of Allure magazine), but her choice to use Botox might have been fleeting, if the brief survey I did of her face tells us anything. She looks awesome just the way she is, so here’s hoping she just leaves it alone. I’d definitely suggest checking out her online series Web Therapy, where she plays therapist Fiona Wallace, with guest star Meryl Streep, both sans Botox:
For others, it may be a powerful organizing ideal (such as those concerned with advancing the communitarian agenda).
The benefits of belonging to a particular group are denied to non-members. The personal consequences of work in the new capitalism, New York: Norton.
It is a relational idea: ‘the opposition of one community to others or to other social entities’ (op. This leads us to the question of boundary – what marks the beginning and end of a community?
As: There is, of course, a strong possibility that these different ways of approaching community will also overlap in particular instances.As Lee and Newby (1983: 57) point out, the fact that people live close to one another does not necessarily mean that they have much to do with each other. The collapse and revival of American community, New York: Simon and Schuster. There may be little interaction between neighbours. He argues that communities are best approached as ‘communities of meaning’.In other words, ‘”community” plays a crucial symbolic role in generating people’s sense of belonging’ (Crow and Allan 1994: 6).
The tables are filled with young women and men who’ve been chasing money and deals on Wall Street all day, and now they’re out looking for hookups.
“Every single being, even those who are hostile to us, is just as afraid of suffering as we are, and seeks happiness in the same way we do. Every person has the same right as we do to be happy and not to suffer. So let's take care of others wholeheartedly, of both our friends and our enemies. This is the basis for true compassion.” Dalai Lama XIV
articleworld-peace-starts-with-you excerpt excerpt World peace starts with you. It’s a decision to be completely true to yourself. Only through that truth can you have a positive impact on the planet.
excerpt We spend so much energy protecting ourselves against others that we lose sight of one very simple fact – we are all one human family sharing this planet
excerpt When I let go of the need to define myself, I can choose any definition I want. By accepting that I am not limited by any notion of identity, I liberate myself to just be me. Right here, right now, I am choosing my identity by how I am choosing to spend my time. In this very moment I am creating myself and this is my identity.
We all know people who believe they know you or all of your experiences by a single this or that… or even a culmination of them(:
They believe you’re great… or they believe how could you possibly know anything about this & that. I love both. Why?
If we’ve done any work on ourselves at all…we are aware we cannot allow the ideas of others to form the sole basis for who we are even when its wonderful(:
While feedback from others…can be enlightening and powerful..joyful or hurtful… The most important feedback will be how we speak & listen to ourselves… how we honor ourselves. Everything else is wonderful icing on the cake that then can truly be dessert(: Dessert is wonderful when we have a balanced diet going on(:
"We have just had our air conditioner installed by you on 28 January 2917. First Joe came and gave us a quote, he was reliable and turned up when he said he would. He was pleasant, knowledgeable of the product and knew what we needed.
Two young men came and installed the aircon on a hot day. They were well-mannered, the job was done with competence, and removal of an older machine also. They did the work cleanly and professionally.
I, Adriana Teresa Cecere, employed New Wave Air Conditioning over the time of my project as an owner builder, for my home and shop.
Joe Trimarchi and his team were found to be one of the most reliable, honest, outstanding tradesmen on site.
In addition, due to the team's eye for detail and thorough consultations they gave to me over the project, to find out exactly what I required, was very professional of them and I particularly appreciated this, as he was very thorough and more importantly, delivered all that they promised.
The team at New Wave Air Conditioning was a pleasure to work with and I would highly recommend them.
I wish to congratulate your team of tradesmen whom excelled in teamwork in the installation of my Air Conditioner. Their professionalism was attained to the highest degree possible. Pride was shown by the tradesmen in their workmanship and respect for my home. Thank you for giving me the cream of the crop tradesmen - a rarity. These tradesmen are outstanding employees who deserve an extra praise of hands.
A special mention of thanks also must be given to your Customer Service Office, Cassandra whom made me feel so special when I made repayments.
And to you Joe, giving me the opportunity to own and to enjoy Summer, by my repayments to suit my budget.
I am so thrilled with you and your employess. I have no hesitation in recommending New Wave to anyone.
I am writing to commend your staff and yourself on what I consider to be exemplary after sales service. My air conditioner, which was installed by yourselves about 2 and a half years ago, decided to die yesterday in the heatwave. It happened at about 2.30pm yesterday afternoon. I called your office at about 2.40pm and spoke to a lovely lady there who said someone would call me back within the hour. About half an hour later she called me back and said someone would pop up to have a look at it. A guy turned up just after 4pm and my air conditioner was fixed half an hour later. I do not know of any company that has given anyone service like that! Please pass my thanks on to your staff and let them know that service such as this is very much appreciated.
The removal of the old unit and the installation of the new system were completed yesterday. Might I compliment you and your team on;
• The friendly professional manner in which they conducted themselves and the totally clean site left on their departure.
No problems are anticipated with the operation of the system, but should any questions arrive I'll call you.
We would like to thank you for the professional manner in which you conduct your business. From the quotation to the installation, we found your tradesmen to be very organised, efficient and well mannered, they stuck with their schedule and got down to business straight away.
Just a quick note to say thank you to Rick and the team for the great job they did in installing our air conditioner(s) last week.
They were very courteous and helpful in explaining what they were going to do and the reasons why. They worked solidly and it was good to see a team with a good spirit and a sense of humour.
I know the hot weather is just about over, but Pat, the kids and myself know we won't have to worry about the extremes of Campbelltown's weather ever again.
A special thanks to Andrew, Scott & Wayne. They were very proficient in the way they applied themselves to the work, they were at all times courteous, patient and helpful when a 67 year old "luddite" asked them, what to them must have been dumb questions about the system.
Your company recently installed two Fujitsu air conditioning units in my home. I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for the professional way that this work was carried out. You were prompt with the quotation, your young installers were polite and made a very neat job of the installation, also your receptionist was most informative and helpful.
This letter is to convey our total satisfaction in relation to the job your crew did in the installation of our new air conditioning system.
,,Regina Armorum. Rzecz o Lancy” to praca wieloletniego sekretarza Klubu Miłośników Dawnych Militariów Polskich, red. nacz. czasopisma ,,Militaria”, Jacka Jaworskiego, stanowiąca przypomnienie o polskim wkładzie do wspólnego dorobku europejskiej myśli militarnej. Można powiedzieć, że lanca, broń, stanowiąca dumę narodową Polaków, po raz pierwszy znalazła w opracowaniu autora tak szerokie pod każdym względem omówienie, a co za tym idzie, należyte uhonorowanie i przypomnienie tego ze wszech miar ciekawego typu broni drzewcowej.
Cheshire TV has officially moved from channels 8 and 10 to Spectrum Cable Channels 1301 (Public) and 1302 (Government) Thanks and happy viewing!
Hey Cheshire TV Cats! Have you been itching to get more involved at Cheshire TV? Well, look no further! We’ve just updated our website to show all the wonderful volunteering opportunities that we provide to our members and the community. You can check them out at our “Volunteer Opportunities page.” Not satisfied? Shoot…
Developing a successful online company these days is instead challenging, isn’t really it? That’s not an exaggeration considering the fact that 90% of on-line start-ups fail and shut their stores within a year or two. One, you are intending to begin an on the internet business yet you are unaware on exactly how to start.
You see, bulk of those that fail previous were either doing things the wrong way or they were making use of the wrong devices. In this digital age, online tools and also sources play a substantial function in expanding businesses. Since they are the important things that attach your organisation to your target customers. This brings us to the subject of ClickFunnels which is the subject of this review. The best question is this: “Can you actually expand your company and raise your revenue margins with ClickFunnels?” Well, allow’s find out.
At its core, ClickFunnels is an online sales channel builder. Exactly what makes ClickFunnels unique is that it supplies users with various funnel choices that were pre-built for specific items, services, and also service versions.
The main goal of ClickFunnels is to help business owners transform potential clients right into paying clients. That’s why they’ve made the funnel creation procedure extremely simple as well as hassle-free. It’s low-priced as well as it does not require any type of coding. Also if you don’t know how to develop websites or exactly how to create codes, you can still make use of ClickFunnels with convenience. Their system follows a drag-and-drop model when you produce as well as personalize your sales funnels. Keeping that stated, you can develop, customize, as well as release a fully-functioning sales channel in under a hr.
6. You could track your Clickfunnels Pass Subscriber Info to Next Page conversions each service or product supply.
7. Has a split-testing device which is terrific for experimenting with several funnel motifs and formats.
10. There’s a membership location where you could communicate with various other ClickFunnels members and pick up from each other.
ClickFunnels gives you with all the devices you need to develop an effective and also professional-looking sales funnel. There’s no reason why you should not see an uptick in sales as soon as you launch your tailored channel. Thousands of on-line business owners are utilizing the device with positive returns.
I was going to share a tutorial for a pair of earrings, but, well, I just need more hours in the day! I had my monthly clinic appointment this afternoon, which went well, they're still pleased with my progress, but it takes up the whole afternoon as hospital appointments can do! At least Jamie keeps the whole waiting room amused, and the staff at the clinic too. They're not used to seeing such young children down there, and as they first met him when he was 6 days old everyone makes a big fuss of him.
So, instead of showing you my new tutorial I thought I'd show you a lovely and simple idea for displaying earrings for craft shows. The craft show I did at Winchester went really well, and it was nice to get back into the swing of things, but I realised that I need a better way of displaying my stud earrings and also my lampwork bead pendants, and this will do nicely for both. Marissa from Sea Flower Studios has written a fool-proof tutorial that you can find here.
I will leave you with that, as I'm off out tonight!! Such a rare event! I'm meeting up with the girls from the advanced class that I taught for a drink. It'll be lovely to catch up with them, especially as I haven't seen a couple of them since before Jamie was born. Whatever you're doing tonight I hope you have fun too!
i am loving your ideas, I am doing an event this month for charity and needed some ideas to display my jewellery as i do not want to be taking my big expensive jewellery stands that i use at my shop, so these are awesome as i can just keep them for market fairs and events... keep up the ideas you have they are wicked.
I am a jewellery designer and tutor, and a regular contributor to Beads and Beyond magazine. I am also mother to two beautiful boys, so you may see a bit about them on here as well! You can email me at admin@joannetinleyjewellery.com
„Over the course of the workshop, Mr. Roppelt and Mr. Yeman combined their theoretical expertise in rhetorical and communication theory (Christian Roppelt) and applied high-level entrepreneurial leadership processes (Isack Yeman) to teach the students about the necessary methods and communication skills to communicate as aspiring global leaders in organizational settings, with a focus on managing cultural diversity“
Mr. Roppelt and Mr. Yeman excelled at first providing the theoretical foundations to create a shared knowledge base among the students before engaging them in an extensive exercise that included different case studies of challenging intercultural communication scenarios.
The participants left the workshop with an extensive toolbox of newly acquired communication skills that were summarized in the elaborate workshop reader, as well as the confidence to successfully apply them in the future. Furthermore, they gained invaluable experience practicing intercultural communication skills with their fellow students from across the globe. Thank you for this inspiring and enriching experience.“
Hello everyone, this is webcam sex milf miaculpe here. I'm 28 year old Female speak English in the mature live sex chat action. Shy girl alone has overcome her inhibitions. Seeking experienced persons to play and tease with. I`m eager and anxious to start!. I love sex and dance and music. I love theology and teaching those that seek a higher form of spiritual enlightenment. The body is beautiful and so is the mind.. I`m talented with toys.:) When I have them:( is my expertise and also what I will do in private mature live sex show. I have Brown eyes, Short Brown hairs and my measurements are 34-28-36. For Turn ons: 3somes and porn as well as chocolate and strawberries. passionate hot lovemakeing and sometimes raw sex. Toys and fruity flavors.. For TurnsOff: Sloppy kisses and deepthroating with lots of teeth are turnoffs. If you prefer kinks, then are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my milf sex chat room! :)
This service manual is a scanned then printed reproduction from my original purchased Victory manual. This is a full size 8 1/2 X 11 inch printed manual with 19 ring comb binding with clear protective covers. Manual covers the entire motorcycle.
OpenMP (Open Multi-Processing) is an API that supports multi-platform shared memory multiprocessing programming in C, C++, and Fortran, on most processor architectures and operating systems, including Solaris, AIX, HP-UX, Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows platforms. It consists of a set of compiler directives, library routines, and environment variables that influence run-time behavior. OpenMP is managed by the nonprofit technology consortium OpenMP Architecture Review Board (or OpenMP ARB), jointly defined by a group of major computer hardware and software vendors, including AMD, IBM, Intel, Cray, HP, Fujitsu, Nvidia, NEC, Red Hat, Texas Instruments, Oracle Corporation, and more. This video is targeted to blind users. Attribution: Article text available under CC-BY-SA Creative Commons image source in video
The Great Gildersleeve (1941--1957), initially written by Leonard Lewis Levinson, was one of broadcast history's earliest spin-off programs. Built around Throckmorton Philharmonic Gildersleeve, a character who had been a staple on the classic radio situation comedy Fibber McGee and Molly, first introduced on Oct. 3, 1939, ep. #216. The Great Gildersleeve enjoyed its greatest success in the 1940s. Actor Harold Peary played the character during its transition from the parent show into the spin-off and later in a quartet of feature films released at the height of the show's popularity. On Fibber McGee and Molly, Peary's Gildersleeve was a pompous windbag who became a consistent McGee nemesis. "You're a haa-aa-aa-aard man, McGee!" became a Gildersleeve catchphrase. The character was given several conflicting first names on Fibber McGee and Molly, and on one episode his middle name was revealed as Philharmonic. Gildy admits as much at the end of "Gildersleeve's Diary" on the Fibber McGee and Molly series (Oct. 22, 1940). Premiering on August 31, 1941, The Great Gildersleeve moved the title character from the McGees' Wistful Vista to Summerfield, where Gildersleeve now oversaw his late brother-in-law's estate and took on the rearing of his orphaned niece and nephew, Marjorie (originally played by Lurene Tuttle and followed by Louise Erickson and Mary Lee Robb) and Leroy Forester (Walter Tetley). The household also included a cook named Birdie. Curiously, while Gildersleeve had occasionally spoken of his (never-present) wife in some Fibber episodes, in his own series the character was a confirmed bachelor. In a striking forerunner to such later television hits as Bachelor Father and Family Affair, both of which are centered on well-to-do uncles taking in their deceased siblings' children, Gildersleeve was a bachelor raising two children while, at first, administering a girdle manufacturing company ("If you want a better corset, of course, it's a Gildersleeve") and then for the bulk of the show's run, serving as Summerfield's water commissioner, between time with the ladies and nights with the boys. The Great Gildersleeve may have been the first broadcast show to be centered on a single parent balancing child-rearing, work, and a social life, done with taste and genuine wit, often at the expense of Gildersleeve's now slightly understated pomposity. Many of the original episodes were co-written by John Whedon, father of Tom Whedon (who wrote The Golden Girls), and grandfather of Deadwood scripter Zack Whedon and Joss Whedon (creator of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Firefly and Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog). The key to the show was Peary, whose booming voice and facility with moans, groans, laughs, shudders and inflection was as close to body language and facial suggestion as a voice could get. Peary was so effective, and Gildersleeve became so familiar a character, that he was referenced and satirized periodically in other comedies and in a few cartoons. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Gildersleeve
Clifford Charles "Cliff" Arquette (December 27, 1905 -- September 23, 1974) was an American actor and comedian, famous for his TV role as Charley Weaver. Arquette was born in Toledo, Ohio, the son of Winifred (née Clark) and Charles Augustus Arquette, a vaudevillian. He was the patriarch of the Arquette show business family, which became famous because of him. Arquette was the father of the late actor Lewis Arquette and the grandfather of actors Patricia, Rosanna, Alexis (originally Robert), Richmond, and David Arquette. He was a night club pianist, later joining the Henry Halstead orchestra in 1923. Arquette had been a busy, yet not nationally known, performer in radio, theatre, and motion pictures until 1956, when he retired from show business. At one time, he was credited with performing in 13 different daily radio shows at different stations in the Chicago market, getting from one studio to the other by way of motorboats along the Chicago River through its downtown. One such radio series he performed on was The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok Arquette and Dave Willock had their own radio show, Dave and Charley, in the early 1950s as well as a television show by the same name that was on the air for three months. Arquette performed on the shows as Charley Weaver. The story that Arquette later told about his big break was that one night in the late 1950s he was watching The Tonight Show. Host Jack Paar happened to ask the rhetorical question, "Whatever became of Cliff Arquette?" That startled Arquette so much that, "I almost dropped my Scotch!" In 1959, Arquette accepted Paar's invitation to perform on Paar's NBC Tonight Show. Arquette depicted the character of "Charley Weaver, the wild old man from Mount Idy." He would bring along, and read, a letter from his "Mamma" back home. This characterization proved so popular that Arquette almost never again appeared in public as himself, but nearly always as Charley Weaver, complete with his squashed hat, little round glasses, rumpled shirt, broad tie, baggy pants, and suspenders. Although a good number of Arquette's jokes appear 'dated' now (and, arguably, even back then), he could still often convulse Paar and the audience into helpless laughter by way of his timing and use of double entendres in describing the misadventures of his fictional family and townspeople. As Paar noted, in his foreword to Arquette's first Charley Weaver book: "Sometimes his jokes are old, and I live in the constant fear that the audience will beat him to the punch line, but they never have. And I suspect that if they ever do, he will rewrite the ending on the spot. I would not like to say that all his jokes are old, although some have been found carved in stone. What I want to say is that in a free-for-all ad lib session, Charley Weaver has and will beat the fastest gun alive." Arquette, as Charley Weaver, hosted Charley Weaver's Hobby Lobby on ABC from September 30, 1959 to March 23, 1960. Arquette also appeared as Charley Weaver on the short-lived The Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Show on ABC from September 29 to December 29, 1962. Arquette was also a frequent guest on NBC's The Ford Show, Starring Tennessee Ernie Ford, the short-lived The Dennis Day Show in the 1953-1954 season, and on The Jack Paar Show after Paar left The Tonight Show. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cliff_Arquette
The Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) is the police department of the city of Los Angeles, California. The LAPD has been copiously fictionalized in numerous movies, novels and television shows throughout its history. The department has also been associated with a number of controversies, mainly concerned with racial animosity, police brutality and police corruption. The radio show Calling All Cars hired LAPD radio dispacher Jesse Rosenquist to be the voice of the dispatcher. Rosenquist was already famous because home radios could tune into early police radio frequencies. As the first police radio dispatcher presented to the public ear, his was the voice that actors went to when called upon for a radio dispatcher role. The iconic television series Dragnet, with LAPD Detective Joe Friday as the primary character, was the first major media representation of the department. Real LAPD operations inspired Jack Webb to create the series and close cooperation with department officers let him make it as realistic as possible, including authentic police equipment and sound recording on-site at the police station. Due to Dragnet's popularity, LAPD Chief Parker "became, after J. Edgar Hoover, the most well known and respected law enforcement official in the nation". In the 1960s, when the LAPD under Chief Thomas Reddin expanded its community relations division and began efforts to reach out to the African-American community, Dragnet followed suit with more emphasis on internal affairs and community policing than solving crimes, the show's previous mainstay. Several prominent representations of the LAPD and its officers in television and film include Adam-12, Blue Streak, Blue Thunder, Boomtown, The Closer, Colors, Crash, Columbo, Dark Blue, Die Hard, End of Watch, Heat, Hollywood Homicide, Hunter, Internal Affairs, Jackie Brown, L.A. Confidential, Lakeview Terrace, Law & Order: Los Angeles, Life, Numb3rs, The Shield, Southland, Speed, Street Kings, SWAT, Training Day and the Lethal Weapon, Rush Hour and Terminator film series. The LAPD is also featured in the video games Midnight Club II, Midnight Club: Los Angeles, L.A. Noire and Call of Juarez: The Cartel. The LAPD has also been the subject of numerous novels. Elizabeth Linington used the department as her backdrop in three different series written under three different names, perhaps the most popular being those novel featuring Det. Lt. Luis Mendoza, who was introduced in the Edgar-nominated Case Pending. Joseph Wambaugh, the son of a Pittsburgh policeman, spent fourteen years in the department, using his background to write novels with authentic fictional depictions of life in the LAPD. Wambaugh also created the Emmy-winning TV anthology series Police Story. Wambaugh was also a major influence on James Ellroy, who wrote several novels about the Department set during the 1940s and 1950s, the most famous of which are probably The Black Dahlia, fictionalizing the LAPD's most famous "cold case", and L.A. Confidential, which was made into a film of the same name. Both the novel and the film chronicled mass-murder and corruption inside and outside the force during the Parker era. Critic Roger Ebert indicates that the film's characters (from the 1950s) "represent the choices ahead for the LAPD": assisting Hollywood limelight, aggressive policing with relaxed ethics, and a "straight arrow" approach. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAPD
Run starts at 6:58 Watch live: http://www.twitch.tv/GamesDoneQuick Official page: https://gamesdonequick.com/ Runner(s): http://www.twitch.tv/capndrake Official Schedule: https://gamesdonequick.com/schedule Games Done Quick is a series of charity video game marathons. These events feature high-level play by speedrunners raising money for charity. Games Done Quick has teamed up with several charities in its five-year history, such as Doctors Without Borders and the Prevent Cancer Foundation. http://www.doctorswithoutborders.org/ http://preventcancer.org/ Donate here: https://gamesdonequick.com/tracker/donate/12 Donation Tracker: https://gamesdonequick.com/tracker/12 Uploading the runs here for convenience. @runner: Feel free to leave a comment or drop me a message if you want your run removed. @all Drop a comment if there's something wrong. Playlist here: http://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_NsA72Bgro96PNeBjK7G07qQ1PtCTrVe Subtitles: Barely beta. Chatlog can be turned on/off optionally by en-/disabling captions. Check out the options, especially background and font opacity (transparency). Until youtube fixes their v3 API, they may be distributed across several languages, in alphabetic order.
The Anatomy of Loneliness: How to Find Your Way Back to Connection by Teal Swan English | November 13th, 2018 | ISBN: 1786781689 | 272 Pages | EPUB | 0.36 MB Following in the footsteps of the...
Midline 100 Russian twists 75 abmat sit ups Conditioning With a partner – alternating 1 minute work and rest: 30 minute amrap row for calories Post results to comments and/or SugarWOD.
Hello crossword solvers! Today let's find the answer to the clue Cushy or cushiony from the USA Today crossword. After we've gathered any other hints from the USA Today crossword puzzle and all possible helpful and relevant information from other sources, we are ready to solve the clue Cushy or cushiony. The answer we found for the clue Cushy or cushiony is:
Crossword Puzzle Answers staff hope you enjoy this site. We try harder to bring you the correct answers on a real time. We think that In the 21st century knowledge should pass freely!!!
if you like crosswords, you arrived to the right place. in this site you can find answers for all famous newspapers.
We have shared below US film company abbr.. This clue is part of Crossword Puzzle Star July 12 2018 Answers. This is a new crossword created by Wubu Apps Limited that have created many other famous games. The categories are divided into each day of the week.
Did you solve US film company abbr.? Return to the main post of Crossword Puzzle Star July 12 2018 Answers.
Let me guess, you have been playing Family Times crossword and got stuck on the clue (K) Outcome. Well, you have come to the right place to find the answer to this clue.
Now you have the answer to your clue. Its time to move on to the next clue. You can browse through the list with all the answers to the Family Times crossword of June 24th, 2018. Or you can use the search form below to find the answer (no matter if its Family Times Crossword or any other crossword).
Let me guess, you have been playing New York Times crossword and got stuck on the clue Superboy's crush. Well, you have come to the right place to find the answer to this clue.
Now you have the answer to your clue. Its time to move on to the next clue. You can browse through the list with all the answers to the New York Times crossword of August 5th, 2008. Or you can use the search form below to find the answer (no matter if its New York Times Crossword or any other crossword).
Tadhg is a recent Law and Humanities graduate from New Zealand who is currently sweating it out as a business consultant in Yangon, Myanmar. He is an avid traveller and skier, and happiest with his backpack on exploring new places and making new friends.
Crowdfund Vibe sat down with Luke Fay, CEO of Venture Crowd, to discuss the rise of crowdfunding in Australia.
VentureCrowd is democratising and scaling access to alternative finance. We are an alternative asset equity crowdfunding platform that provides investors with access to alternative investments, as well as entrepreneurs and property developers with access to alternative finance. All parties benefit from alignment, transparency and diversification.
The alternative asset universe has grown substantially over the past 10 years and can offer portfolio benefits such as uncorrelated returns, downside protection and improved risk/return profile. However, until VentureCrowd, direct investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative assets have been unviable to all but institutional investors or ultra high net worth investors with a family office due to large barriers to entry like ticket size, deal complexity and ongoing administration. Through fractional ownership, we offer our wholesale investors the ability to make direct investments into externally validated and curated alternative investments via an integrated platform. At the same time we provide high growth potential companies and curated property developers with access to funding that has been unavailable due to conservative risk appetites and capacity constraints from traditional sources such as banks and investment banks.
Posted in Asia Pacific, Asia Pacific Platforms, Australia, Founder's Series, Interviews no responses
Crowdfund Vibe spoke to Rick Chen, co-founder of Pozible, about crowdfunding awesome stuff and its future.
RC: The passion to see great project come alive, to offer an alternative funding sources help achieve that goal.
How well known is crowdfunding in Australia? What is the coverage on crowdfunding in the traditional media?
Crowdfunding is growing very healthily in Australia, mainstream media have mostly covered crowdfunding as a valid way to fund projects. The likes of government agencies, investors, peak bodies also see crowdfunding as a way to proof concept.
Crowdfund Vibe has sat down for a fascinating interview with Gregor Gregersen, CEO of Silver Bullion, whose novel take on P2P (Peer to Peer lending) has helped build a solid reputation in Singapore and abroad.
GG: I was in the trading room of one of Germany’s largest banks when the 2008 financial crisis occurred. It became very apparent then that the financial system is fragile and that the best way to protect oneself from bank defaults is ownership of physical precious metals as it provides a hedge to systemic financial risk.
Silver Bullion’s mission is to provide the safest store of value possible by eliminating financial counterparty risk and storing bullion in the safest jurisdiction today – Singapore. Our bullion secured P2P loan platform was a natural extension of our precious metals storage, making our P2P loan platform unique in the industry.
Regulators in India have questioned the legality of equity crowdfunding platforms. The Securities and Exchange Board (SEBI) in India sent out a warning to investors to let them know prominent platforms like Letsventure, Tracxn, Grex, Termsheet, Equity Crest are not authorized under currents securities law. SEBI regulations only allow recognised stock exchanges to provide electronic platforms to trade and list securities. Platforms contend it is the SEBI’s fault their status is unclear, and SEBI should provide guidelines so crowdfunding platforms can coexist
Wellington based brewer Parrot Dog has reached the maximum equity crowdfunding limit in New Zealand by crowdfunding NZ$2 million in less than two days. The campaign, run on Pledge Me, will help fund a new brewery in Wellington’s Lyall Bay, New Zealand. The campaign briefly shut down Pledge Me’s website, raising NZ $1.2 million in 12 hours.
Funded Here has become the first licensed crowdfunding platform in Singapore. It received its Capital Markets Services license from the Monetary Authority of Singapore on 18 March 2016, permitting it to deal in securities. This allows Funded Here to raise funds via short term bonds of up to S$5 million. The platform currently offers investment options from S$5,000. Funded Here hopes to have its first offers to its accredited investors by September 2016.
The Monetary Authority for Singapore (MAS) has made it easier for SMEs to access securities based crowdfunding. SMEs are now able to crowdfund up to $5 million within a 12 month period without issuing a prospectus. SMEs will still have to disclose key risks to investors. Prequalification checks for investors have also been eased, allowing for easier investment.
We have established this website to explain what is crowdfunding and to provide news from the Asia Pacific. There are a number of excellent crowdfunding news sites from North America or Europe, where online funding is now well established. In contrast it is still early days in the Asia Pacific region, though this is changing quickly.
If you are looking for a crowdfunding platform in your country have a look at these sites which list global crowdfunding sites:
Dozens of vendors and hundreds of shoppers packed the ballroom at Oholei Torah with proceeds of the sales benefiting the school.
Our purpose is to strengthen the neighborhoods of Crown Heights and Bed-Stuy, making them safer and healthier for all.
We mobilize local residents to promote peace and safety. Our Save Our Streets program takes a public health approach to ending gun violence and has been documented to reduce shootings.
Make It Happen gives participants (all of whom are young men who have experienced violence in their lives) the tools they need to overcome trauma and to succeed.
Neighbors in Action engages young people of Crown Heights and Bed-Stuy in meaningful educational, recreational, vocational, and artistic opportunities.
We open our doors to anyone who wants to come in for help. Our neighbor services include helping people find jobs, apply for benefits, and access basic services. Through our Legal Hand program, we train local residents to provide legal information to their neighbors so they can resolve housing, family, immigration and other issues.
Neighbors in Action seeks to invest in the leadership development of local residents. We work to build and spread civic responsibility, ensuring that leadership is widely distributed and increasing the capacity of neighbors to take action on the issues that are important to them.
We plan street festivals and events in parks to increase the use of public spaces for joyous and healthy activities for the whole community. We seek to improve the physical environment in ways that promote safety and public access.
We are Neighbors in Action. Details and pictures from our ribbon-cutting and City Hall proclamation here!
On November 13, 2018 In anti-gun violence, anti-violence, community organizing, Crown Heights, Cure Violence, Events, S.O.S. Crown Heights, save our streets, shooting, Shooting Response, SOS
We are saddened to report there has been a non-fatal shooting in the S.O.S. Crown Heights catchment. Stand up against gun violence and join us for a shooting response on Wednesday, November 14th from 6:00 – 6:30 pm. A shooting response is a peaceful gathering where a shooting incident has taken place. The purpose of […]
On November 5, 2018 In anti-gun violence, anti-violence, Crown Heights, Cure Violence, Neighbors in Action, S.O.S., S.O.S. Crown Heights, save our streets, shooting, Shooting Response, SOS
On October 25th, 2018, a 22 year-old black man was shot in the leg in Albany Houses near 1191 Park Place. Three days later on October 28th, a 21 year-old black man was shot in the chest in Albany Houses at 1414 Bergen Street. S.O.S. Crown Heights organized two shooting responses on Tuesday the 30th […]
In the last two weeks of October, 2018, Neighbors in Action (formerly known as the Crown Heights Community Mediation Center) officially celebrated its new name and 20th Anniversary with two ceremonial events. On October 24th, family, friends, and supporters of Neighbors in Action gathered in front of the 256 Kingston Avenue office for a ribbon-cutting […]
On November 1, 2018 In anti-gun violence, Community Conversations, education, Neighbors in Action, YO S.O.S., youth
“Power concedes nothing without a demand.” – Frederick Douglas On Friday, October 19th Neighbors in Action had the pleasure of hosting two site visits from Middle School 839 and South Brooklyn High School. Youth Specialist, Rahson Johnson, and Youth and Community clinician, Gerina Davis, were the hosts and facilitators for these groups. The middle school […]
S.O.S. works hard to create safer and healthier neighborhoods and we invite you to join us in these efforts.
Star four: During the acquisition approach, the 3 homeowners had been very helpful and pleasant. Igor himself has traveled all around the world, and was capable to engage in cultural discussion. A further one of several homeowners was a younger person all over my age, was passionate about teaching me the way to arrange and use my new mechanical get the job done of artwork. I'd seen video clips on YouTube about starting drip suggestion devices, which is made up of a number of ways necessitating reasonable dexterity and intelligence.
Lisa S. explained "came below very last 7 days to obtain my trageus pierced due the reviews stating they are doing piercings here Considering that the other location we checked out had no availability for us to obtain our piercings. We arrived in right here was…" browse a lot more in Tobacco Retailers, Piercing, Tattoo Organization details summary
My fiancé checked it out to receive some e-liquids And that i - not vaping still - tagged alongside. The blokes have been welcoming and nonjudgmental After i informed them that I experienced no idea what vaping was about nonetheless, however, if they've a reasonably vapor, I would get one.
These items are usually not parts of tobacco goods and are NOT intended to be Utilized in the intake of tobacco items.
They choose delight in building awesome blends utilizing a few of the best components obtainable on the market, masterfully blended by means of impressive and complex analysis and enhancement approaches.
By checking this box I validate that i'm a minimum of 18 yrs outdated or more mature and of legal age to purchase tobacco merchandise in my jurisdiction.
You have to be of lawful smoking age with your condition to invest in goods on this Web-site. We age validate all clients for the duration of checkout.
Products usually are not smoking cigarettes cessation solutions and possess not been evaluated through the Food items and Drug Administration, nor are they meant https://www.vapecave.com.au to take care of, avert or remedy any condition or affliction.
Nicotine is addictive and routine forming, and it is very poisonous by inhalation, in connection with the skin, or if swallowed. Ingestion from the non-vaporized concentrated e-liquid ingredients can be toxic. Retain away from little ones and Animals. If ingested, instantly consult your health care provider or vet. Nicotine can improve your heart level and blood pressure and result in dizziness, nausea, and belly suffering. Inhalation of the products may aggravate current respiratory situations. These e-liquid solutions have not been evaluated with the Foodstuff and Drug Administration nor are they meant to handle, mitigate, reduce or remedy any sickness or ailment.
Our staff members is committed to customer care and educating the ones that are new to vaporizing. We want to boost vaping as it is the healthiest choice to smoking cigarettes. It's a healthier procedure that gives an pleasurable substitute to your chemical dependencies present in cigarette smoking tobacco goods.
We situation refunds within just 7 organization days just after receipt and inspection of returned merchandise. You will receive an electronic mail notification confirming your refund.
Heck, we use our products ourselves and we wish to be Secure too! We vape as opposed to smoking as it’s much healthier, so we make certain our e-juices are thoroughly Harmless to inhale.
Gotta return a little something? No problem! We provide a 15-day window from the time of purchase to ship some thing again! And as an added bonus: there is not any restocking charge! See total specifics on our Customer support web page.
Status, an open source mobile dApp browser and messenger built on the Ethereum blockchain, recently tweeted the announcement of its partnership with OmiseGo.
OmiseGo is one of the biggest players in on-chain and cross-chain transactions, interoperability, and Plasma scalability research. Prior to the partnership, the two teams have also had a close relationship through mutual research projects. Recently, Status and OmiseGo had also connected with each other via Ethereum Community Fund.
The role of OmiseGO in the partnership is to build financial tools for an open infrastructure. On the other hand, Status will focus on the distribution and adoption of these tools around the world. Both the teams will work towards the common goal of introducing a new world of equality, distribution and openness on the Ethereum public blockchain.
The goal also extends to collaboration and a seamless integration of DEX, a decentralized exchange, to assist with scalability research. Status and OmiseGo have not just partnered for the immediate results but are looking at a long-term successful future together, with the enhancement of their web3 ecosystem in mind. The partnership also aims at transforming the economy and introducing decentralization into the current financial systems.
“The mission of OMG is to put the capabilities of crypto to work for the needs of the real world; Status brings great value to the OMG Network with a multifaceted user-facing platform leveraging OMG’s back-end infrastructure. This partnership is a step forward for our respective projects, the community and the blockchain industry.”
Moreover, OmiseGO SDK is also thought to be integrated into the native wallet for an easy access to DEX. On cross-collaborations like these, the integration process will become smooth and give their user-base a chance to drop feedbacks for the OMG Network.
Priyamvada is a full-time journalist at AMBCrypto. A graduate in Journalism & Communication from Manipal University, she believes blockchain technology to be a revolutionary tool in advancing the future. Currently, she holds no value in cryptocurrencies.
Right Here at Dallas Towing, we take pride in offering the best services as well as pleasing our consumers' demands. We specialize in Light/Medium Towing, Lockout Services, Emergency Towing and also much more.
We provide quickly hauling solution at affordable rates. When your auto breaks down, you require a firm you could rely on to show up swiftly as well as offer the aid you require efficiently. When you call us, that's precisely just what you'll obtain: a company providing you the towing solution you want at the price you intend to pay.
We offer emergency towing throughout the Dallas, TX area. When you call us for hauling solutions, we will certainly see to it that we can provide service where you are. We will certainly assist find a service provider that could help you if you are outside our service location.
Allow us understand where you are, as well as what kind of lorry you're driving. Is your cars and truck totally handicapped? Will the towing service be for a van or various other huge automobile or truck? Getting this info upfront helps us provide the correct solution a lot more rapidly. Obtaining to you swiftly ends up being that a lot extra crucial when you are stranded in poor climate such as snow or ice.
Regardless of what your make as well as design, we've got the proper expertise and also devices to successfully relocate. We're the best selection, so when you require a tow in Dallas, TX, make us your very first call.
For years, Dallas Towing has actually proudly been offering the hauling requirements for the Dallas, TX location. Our experience conveniently certifies us to satisfy more info your towing needs with care and the best in customer service.
Here at Dallas Towing, we take satisfaction in offering the ideal solutions and also pleasing our consumers' requirements. When you click here call us for towing solutions, we will Auto Tow in Frisco Tx certainly make sure that we can offer service where you are. If you are outside our service area, we will certainly help find a solution company who could help you.
Our experience easily certifies us to satisfy your towing needs with care and also the ideal in client service.
I started as a commercial real estate broker in San Francisco in 1984. My first offer I ever made was an office space at 111 Pine Street for $34.00 per square foot. My next offer was for space at 555 California Street for $52.00 per square foot. The vacancy rate at that time was six percent. Most buildings were offering paint and carpet allowance with some minor additional tenant improvements. Office buildings did not change ownership all that often back then, but when they did they traded for $150 to $200 per square foot. However in 1984 we were in the middle of an office building boom that saw construction prices to build a new office building from the ground up hit $300 to $450.00 a square foot.
With a low vacancy rate, tax advantages favoring development and with lots of money chasing few deals and opportunities, San Francisco was in a major office building boom in the next five years leading to the 1989 earthquake. More than five million square feet of new development was either under construction or on schedule to be built during 1984.
By 1986 the market began to soften. Major companies decided that San Francisco was too expensive as a headquarter city and began moving out. Smaller regional companies began looking at new development opportunities in the East Bay that afforded them cheaper rents while enjoying larger floor plates to house more people on one floor.
By 1989 combined with the earthquake, the market crashed. By 1991 the vacancy in San Francisco hit close to 20%, and class A rental rates hit $18 to $20.00 per square foot. Tenant improvements hit $35.00 per square foot and the last of the new office buildings earmarked for the 1980's had opened representing the last Class A downtown office building that would be built in the next twenty years.
The year 2008 is now here. The average rental rates in downtown office buildings overall stand at $35.00 per square foot. Class A rents are hitting as high as $60 to $90.00 per square foot depending on how high up you are. Most buildings will offer you a paint and carpet allowance with additional minor tenant improvements to be negotiated. Office buildings are trading between $300 and $400 a foot while new construction of new office buildings is hitting $600 to $800 a square foot. Starting at the end of this year over three million new square feet are either scheduled to come online or is in planning.
So it appears the commercial real estate business is growing and will see more by the end of the year. Many were worried that the lending crisis would move to the commercial sector next.
The hair and face were covered with a light layer of Naples Yellow and then the features of her face were further modeled further very carefully. Now I am adding layers of light red to give a bit of color to her skin and hair. The colors are a little off on this one as I had to use the scanner again and the board does not fit the greatest on it!
I am a commission portrait artist specializing in graphite, charcoal and watercolor. Commissions of people and pets are held in private collections through Canada, United States and Europe.
Restaurants and Dining Guide for Chicago, IL - 364 restaurants found in Chicago, IL starting with "T". Find a restaurant in Chicago, IL and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make restaurant reservations, read and write restaurant reviews. If you are a business owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide.
Kids are encouraged to use their imaginations to create their own type of mammal with artist Ian Sherwin at the art studio of the Crown Family PlayLab.
Want to speak directly to your fans and followers from this page? Enhance your listing and you can share news, notes and press releases about your event right here. Have a theme night coming up? Want to post a different write-up of your event? Spread the news in your own words.
Share information about limited-time ticket deals, offerings and other promotions with Metromix users, right here, by enhancing your event listing
This event lets children design and build their own kite. Children will fly finished kites in Berens Park with assistance from Park District staff. Instruction, supplies and kite kit will be provided for attendees. This event is meant for children ages 5-12.
In July 2018, the NHS celebrated its 70th birthday. Working with a wide range of partners, NHS England and NHS Improvement marked the milestone in a variety of ways.
As a key part of this activity, the NHS70 Parliamentary Awards had been established to engage MPs in celebrating 70 years of the NHS, identifying and highlighting innovative and high-quality care across every constituency in England, and thanking staff for their dedication, hard work and commitment by recognising and honouring their achievements. The NHS70 Parliamentary Awards provided an excellent opportunity for health and care organisations to engage with their local MPs, tell them about the work they do, and build or strengthen ongoing relationships.
The NHS70 Parliamentary Awards were launched by Dr Sarah Wollaston MP, Chair of the Commons Health Select Committee, in Parliament on Wednesday 7th February and nominations for the Awards closed on Friday 23 March.
Local and regional NHS England and Improvement teams had chosen one team or individual in each category to go forward to the national shortlist, where they had been assessed by a high-level national judging panel. The winners, as selected by this panel, have been announced at an awards ceremony in Parliament on Wednesday 4th July – the day before the NHS’ 70th birthday.
For information on the whole range of activities taking place across the country, please visit the official NHS70 website.
The NHS70 Parliamentary Awards will take place on Wednesday 4th July, 12:45 - 15:00 in the Terrace Pavilion, House of Commons, Westminster.
Attendance to the Awards is by invitation only. If you are shortlisted to win an award, you will recieve an invitation.
Sometimes after a long day of work, sitting slumped over our keyboards has put a crick in our neck and tension has seeped through our shoulders. By the time we get home, our backs hurt. We can have trouble falling asleep because we can't get comfortable in bed. We're too stiff when we're driving. We might even turn over to quickly in our sleep and pull something, just because we're too rigid from ongoing tension. One of the best remedies for chronic muscular pain and tension is the deep tissue massage columbia md practitioners offer.
First thing's first: a deep tissue massage is meant to relieve tension and pain. It's a massage practice meant for rehabilitation. While some people may find this massage relaxing, relaxation is not its primary focus. Your masseuse will apply different degrees of pressure to different muscles depending on tension. It's normal to feel varying degrees of discomfort.
Deep tissue massages offer a wealth of health benefits. It not only lowers high blood pressure, but it also treat back and arthritis pain. These massages are also a great treatment for muscle rehabilitation, and they can break down scar tissue. Deep tissue massages also relieve stress, help improve mobility in joints, and aid in reducing chronic pain.
It's important to know that you should not get a deep tissue massage if you have blood clots. The massage can dislodge the clot, which is extremely dangerous. Also check with your doctor is you have any medical condition. Those with osteoporosis should avoid deep tissue massages.
Deep tissue massages, while healing, can also help stimulate serotonin and oxytocin production which aids in making you feel happy and relaxed. This is one of the reasons why such massages are great for reducing mental stress and anxiety. They offer a broad range of benefits.
AmtsblattBankverbindungenBürgerbüro & AußenstellenGemeinden im BezirkKundmachungenLeistungenSozialinfoTermine im BezirkZuständigkeiten
Carrickmacross Workhouse is open for meetings and training courses from 9am to 10pm, Mondays to Fridays all year.
Ancient East, Ireland - Carrickmacross Workhouse, one of the few remaining Irish Workhouses is open for 1-hour tours from 9am to 5pm, Mondays to Fridays all year - individual, family, group, school, and bus tours are welcome. Weekend group tours available by appointment.
Heritage Staff explore the history of the Workhouse through art and architecture - charges apply; see below.
Wedding planning is HARD work! I have so many tips to send your way! Join me for instant access to the CMP newsletter community and get some help planning your wedding day from someone who has been there with sweet brides like you over 70 times!
THANK YOU FOR JOINING ME! Welcome to the Carrie McGuire newsletter! We're all in this together, and I can't wait to head forward in this adventure with you. You will hear from me soon! In the meantime check out the blog for more inspiration and tips!
1818 OFF-FARM the trip provided the designers with a unique first-hand experience. “It’s a wonderful trip for the young Hong Kong designers to experience an Australian wool farm and the fashion industry in Australia,” Mr Chan said. “The delegation members all enjoyed their stay in Australia and it would be an unforgettable memory for the rest of their lives.” During a five-day visit to woolgrowing properties of Flinders Merino, the delegation developed a greater appreciation for the farm to fashion journey and drew inspiration from the natural and beautiful environment where Australian Merino sheep are reared. The designers also got to try their hand at shearing and feeding sheep – work which they are so far removed from when in Hong Kong. “This trip was definitely unforgettable,” said Hong Kong Polytechnic University (HKPU) student Tim Man. “The knowledge we got from this trip not only enhances the ability to design, but is also crucial for working in the related industry. That’s how invaluable it was. I am deeply grateful for The Woolmark Company, especially to Daniel and the woolgrowers.” Hong Kong Design Institute (HKDI) designers Annie Siu and Orange Choi echoed Mr Man’s praise for the trip. “This is a special experience for me,” Miss Siu said. “In this trip, the woolgrowers taught us lots of wool knowledge and I enjoyed life on the farm. The Australian natural landscape is really attractive to me and I will never forget this trip.” Miss Choi also said it was an honour to participate in the farm visit to Australia: “I learnt many things from this trip, and it will be very useful for my future career.” The students on the trip were: Tim Man and Constance Lee from HKPU, Orange Choi and Annie Siu from HKDI, Anna Wong from Caritas Bianchi College of Careers, Sabrina Fong from the Knitwear Innovation and Design Society, and Anne Graham from Hong Kong Baptist University.  Aussie wool: December 2013 BEYOND THE BALE FAST FACTS l Seven emerging fashion designers from Hong Kong visited Australia in September to learn first-hand about the wool production process and be inspired to use Merino wool in their designs. l The designers learnt all about the wool supply chain, from the farm through first stage processing to fashion. l The trip was also an opportunity for Australian woolgrowers to gain an insight into the important market of Hong Kong. Adelegation of award-winning young fashion designers from Hong Kong’s leading tertiary organisations visited Australia in September to learn about the origins of Australian Merino wool and experience the Australian wool industry first-hand. The trip was also an opportunity for Australian woolgrowers to hear the designers’ thoughts about working with wool and the key market of Hong Kong. The seven students were all recipients of the Best use of Australian Merino award from various fashion shows and competitions in Hong Kong, sponsored by AWI and the Flinders Merino woolgrowing group of South Australia. This is the fifth year AWI has welcomed a group of Hong Kong designers to experience Australia’s wool industry. They visited working farms, AWEX and AWTA, Michell Pty Ltd in Adelaide, RMIT University’s School of Fashion and Textiles, Council of Textile and Fashion Industries of Australia – Textile and Fashion hub, EMU Australia and the National Wool Museum. AWI key account manager for Hong Kong, Daniel Chan, who accompanied the delegation, said Award winning fashion designers from Hong Kong travelled to Australia to learn more about the qualities of Australian Merino wool. an inspiration
Hi! Im Chloe, welcome to my blog! I've been blogging since 2008. I blog about Lifestyle, Beauty and Fashion. Do drop me an email for any enquiries
“The Houlihan Lawrence Commercial Real Estate Group has a proven track record of success since its inception in 2012. Building upon strategic local partnerships, our experienced and forward-thinking team is expanding nationally and globally at an accelerated pace.”
Houlihan Lawrence Commercial Real Estate Group, a full-service division of renowned brokerage Houlihan Lawrence, specializes in investment opportunities, office condominiums and leasing, industrial and retail sales and leasing, land acquisition and development as well as municipal approval consultation. Armed with 20 highly experienced agents across New York City, Westchester, Putnam, Dutchess and Fairfield Counties, the Commercial Group boasts unparalleled insight, expertise and service. Complete with a database of international buyers and sellers, Houlihan Lawrence Commercial Real Estate Group effectively markets commercial properties and investment opportunities on a global scale.
Houlihan Lawrence Commercial Real Estate Group pursues opportunities and determines value for purchasers or tenants with a full range of valuation and marketing services:
Our comprehensive knowledge of and experience in the Hudson Valley retail market provides the full array of retail sales and leasing services:
Our extensive database of properties in the Hudson Valley and marketing capabilities allow us to match your needs with the best property available.
Our goal is to provide you with a thorough and accurate picture of the investment that includes rigorous analysis, evaluating true fiscal implications, and investment cash-flow. We work side-by-side with your financial advisor and ensure you have complete understanding of opportunities that best satisfy your investment and tax requirements.
News & Events | Graduate School of Global Business -Business School- | Graduate Schools | Meiji University
Bread & Jam socials are a monthly networking night for food and drink producers to hang out, share stories of the highs and lows and support each other through the rollercoaster adventure of being an entrepreneur.
Please register your interest by signing up so we know how many food founders to expect and so we can contact you if there are any last minute changes.
Please share our social with anyone you know in the food and drink business. Whether you're a startup, scale up or an industry extraordinaire, everyone is welcome! You can also join our community on Facebook, called the FoodHub.
Bread & Jam Festival will use the information you provide on this form to be in touch with you and to provide updates and marketing. Please let us know all the ways you would like to hear from us: *
The men’s Vermont style is a Euro-Fit with shaping in the back and a spread collar which provides a stylish option with or without a tie.
Worn tucked in but can be worn out if chosen. Featuring a French cuff with button on shank, but if cuff links are the theme these are easily applied.
Lesbian Orgasm Boobs Porn Fuck never sleeps! We keep finding and uploading the hottest Lesbian Orgasm Sex Movies for you from all over the world round the clock. Every time you visit our free Public Porn Tube you will see brand new Masturbating sex adventures of hot amateur lovers from different places.
Lupe Lovato is a Santo Domingo Pueblo jeweler who is best-known for his gorgeous necklaces of handmade beads. We have been offering his pieces at Chacodog.com since 2002. His beads are well-known for their smooth transition in size. His sister, Irene Lovato, also makes fine, handmade necklaces.
These are gorgeous hand-turned, graduated disk beads of stabilized blue Kingman turquoise strung on beadalon (nylon-sleeved braided stainless steel wire). These are the largest, fattest disk beads that Lupe makes. It takes a lot of rough rock turquoise to make a necklace this length and made up of beads with such a large diameter. In the center of the necklace, spacer beads of fine-diameter heishi function to keep the beads from binding and allow them to "round out" properly in the front of the necklace. This is a perfectly graduated, smooth strand of masterfully made beads of gorgeous blue Kingman turquoise richly mottled with brown and black matrix.
German Spies at Bay: Being an Actual Record of the German Espionage in Great Britain During the Years 1914-1918, Compiled From Official Sources, by Sidney Theodore Felstead | The Online Books Page
German Spies at Bay: Being an Actual Record of the German Espionage in Great Britain During the Years 1914-1918, Compiled From Official Sources
Title: German Spies at Bay: Being an Actual Record of the German Espionage in Great Britain During the Years 1914-1918, Compiled From Official Sources
Independent Career Agents (ICA) who are not employees of UnitedHealth Group but rather independent sales agents who contract exclusively with UnitedHealth Group to sell this portfolio of products and 2.). Must have a current/valid insurance license for the state. This includes, contracting, licensing / appointment, certification, training, enrollment administration, commission payment, agent...
Writing a book that keeps the readers engaged is certainly a difficult task, but finding a good publisher to launch your book in the market is even more challenging, especially when you are an aspiring writer. New authors do not have as many options to publish their work as other established writers. If you think that a good agent or a connection in the industry can help you find a good publisher, you may have to widen your options.
Until you do the necessary groundwork and present your work in a professional manner, it will not be possible to hone in on a reliable publisher. Given below are some important aspects that will help you find the right publisher for your book.
Do a comprehensive market research: Contrary to the common conception that you can find a good publisher by calling each of the publishers in your area, the fact is that you can make a better impression by first analyzing the different publishers in your area and then finding the ones who print books like the one that you have written. To find such publishers, you can start by visiting different bookstores and noting down the names of publishers who print books in the same category as your book. For example, if you are writing a good English book, find and note down the details of English book publishers that suit your kind of writing.
Once you have found out the publishers’ name in the books, start by noting down their office addresses and other contact details. Next, try to send an email or try to contact the editor of the publishing house personally. While some publishing houses are only interested in the story idea and your previous writing experiences, others might want to read the entire manuscript of the book.
Similarly, while some publishing houses accept manuscripts from anybody, others will not even see your manuscript unless it is recommended by an agent. Similarly, you might also want to find a good agent to present your book to the publishing house.
Even though you might be in a hurry to get your book on the shelves, always remember that a publisher can make or break your book’s success. Hence evaluating the publisher is important. Although you can definitely get a few recommendations from your friends, you can judge the quality of a publisher by going through some of the pieces that have been previously launched by the publishing house.
First, go through the books published by the house and check if the cover of the book is appealing. Although, a book’s content does not have to do anything with the cover, the fact remains that many people still judge a book by its cover. Secondly, go through the content and check if you like reading the book or are getting bored on the first few pages itself. Also check the credentials of the author to ascertain that the publishing house only
Once you have verified the genuineness of the publisher, it is time for you to prepare your manuscript. The best English book publishers do not have time to go through rough pages of written content. Therefore, if you are approaching an English book publishing company with a manuscript, make sure that it is well formatted and prepared for an easy read. Print or type your manuscript on high quality paper in readable font of decent size.
All other factors notwithstanding, you cannot ignore the cost of publishing a book. Find a publisher that offers a cost-effective package without compromising on other things.
Cognos can be characterized as a specific programming suit of IBM’s business knowledge, which is outlined essentially for the general execution administration of an association. This product enables the entrepreneur to get to all the corporate information and amass reports from that with no specialized learning. The Cognos training is based on the open principles can be utilized with multidimensional information sources like Oracle, Microsoft, Sap and some more. The beginning of this product was in the year 2005 and a few up degrees were made to this product from that point forward. With taking a break, this product has picked up prevalence and a few little and medium organizations and in addition MNC’s are receiving this product for better execution administration.
cognos training has a few advantages that are vital for the development of any organization. This product enables organizations to have inside and out investigation and detailing of the numerous parts of an organization. The most critical piece of this product is, it can be modified according to the necessity of the business. The customization of the product gives the most extreme advantage that you can make from this product.
The expanding interest in this product additionally expanded the chase for suitable Cognos instructed people. This additionally gives you the correct chance to prepare yourself for Cognos with a specific end goal to begin another vocation in the IT segment. Having a sound learning on the Cognos can wind up giving you that correct stage to begin your fantasy vacation.
The Cognos training can be gone to by anybody to attempt put another profession in the IT business. The course has a pre imperative and it requests that anybody with a degree particle software engineering or PC building is qualified for the course. On the off chance that experts will go to Cognos training, it is better on the off chance that they choose Cognos internet training, as the time advantageous online courses help experts to go to the sessions according to their simplicity. After the affirmation program from the online organization is done, you can join any organization as a Cognos engineer or expert.
cognos training is conceivable at various timetables for individuals with various aptitude. The online Cognos program joins distinctive aptitudes in each understudy. All through the course term, an individual is presented to various parts of the Cognos training, through hand on tasks and appraisal tests to clear their thoughts regarding the product.
What’s more, the cognos training is basically moderate and the resources are broadly experienced with years of involvement in working with the product. The vast majority of the business houses likewise organize in-house training of the course for their workers. The online courses are time adaptable and that goes about as the most vital factor why individuals lean toward web-based training mode.
This topic contains 0 replies, has 1 voice, and was last updated by AlfredoWhish 4 years, 4 months ago.
I own a call centre & have had a few emails I thought were spam, but after having correspondence they genuinely want me to do business.
On the other hand if they really vet the companies properly & i can pass my clients on to suppliers of other services I could probably make serious money by the looks of their commission structure.
The rep that came to see me was actually aright (as far as reps go) and not pushy which I thought was suspect in some way. The thing is generally when things sound to good to be true they normally are. But am I missing out on easy money?
I am probably going to do a trial with them anyway but has anybody had any real experience of these guys?
The People’s Assembly Against Austerity is calling a major national demonstration & festival on Saturday 20 to send a clear message to the Tory government; we demand an alternative to austerity and to policies that only benefit those at the top.
We’ll be assembling the demonstration in the heart of the City of London right on the doorstep of the very people who created the crisis in the first place, the banks and their friends in Westminster. We demand that the bankers and elite should pay for the crisis and not the vast majority who had nothing to do with it.
Tickets for Storm’s upcoming home game against Belfast Giants for Armed Forces night can be ordered online HERE, or by calling the box office on 0161 926 8782, or in person at the box office.
Last night Storm faced the Dundee Stars. With both teams just one place and one point apart in the EIHL table at the time, it was set to be a competitive game from start to finish.
The first ten minutes of play were back and forth, with neither team claiming goals or penalties and both sets of defencemen and goalies doing everything they could to keep the puck out of their zone. It was Storm who took the first penalty of the evening, when Ruopp received two minutes for slashing. The Stars only got one minute of powerplay opportunity before the netminder, Sjogren took a two minute minor or tripping.
Storm were the first to send the puck home during four on four hockey, as Stadel sent a slapshot from the blue line at 11:02, with assists from Hammond and Moffatt.
Storm then went on the penalty kill, as Balmer was sent to the box for tripping at 15:35. It was a strong pk, Stars not managing to break even.
It was an eventful and thrilling final two minutes of the first period, when Storm scored twice, just a minute apart. The second goal of the night came at 18:30, when Auger sent the puck above Sjogren’s blocker side, the assist from Anderson. Storm’s third goal appeared with 22 seconds left on the clock, as Stadel claimed his second of the night, shooting it top shelf.
Less than two minutes into the second period, Dow dropped the gloves with Anderson. After brief, but a well- fought scrap, both sat in the penalty box at 21:38 for five minutes- Dow taking an extra two plus ten for instigating.
Stars player Ricci, received a two minute minor at 23:32 for slashing, giving Storm the upper hand on the powerplay. Storm didn’t manage to breakthrough, and play was end to end.
Dundee took the upper-hand in the second period, managing to score their first goal at 33:28, as Lundvald put it past Ginn, with the assist from Chaloupka and Sullivan. It was that goal that must have motivated them as they managed to claim another at 37:21, as Marquardt sent it bardown on the powerplay, as Moffatt was in the penalty box for elbowing. The goal was reviewed, but then given, with Hart and Bouchard getting the assists. Stars kept pushing and achieved it again In the final minute of play at 39:42, Cownie scoring the equaliser taking the game to 3-3 with assists from Andersson and Dow.
There were chances for both teams in the final twenty minutes of play, both netminders gloving and freezing play at any opportunity. Stadel was given a two minute penalty 47:17 for roughing, allowing Stars to take their chances on the powerplay. The game got tense as Storm held up on a strong five on three penalty kill, when Bakker sat in the box for delay of game just one minute later at 48:36. With the buzzer signalling end of regular time, both teams took one point each and went to what would be a thrilling overtime.
In the final minute of three on three overtime, it was all over as Stadel sniped high for Storm at 64:21, claiming the winning goal of the evening and his first hat-trick of the season, against his former team. Storm took the victory at 4-3, taking the two points and their fifth home win in a row. Despite one small fight, it was a relatively clean game, with Stars receiving 21 penalty minutes, and Storm with 15.
Manchester Storm’s next home game is an special event, Armed Forces night, Saturday 27th October, 19:00 face-off against Belfast Giants. They then play away at Guildford Spectrum on 28th, 18:00 face-off.
If you plan on taking the trip to Sheffield this today for the away game, you can purchase tickets HERE.
Treat your kids to the OSC’s special spooky Halloween themed party with the team on Friday 26 October, at The Station Hotel HERE. There will be games and scary chocolate making with Oliver’s Chocolate Parties.
The teacher training is an in-depth study and a transformation journey of the body, mind and spirit. It teaches you to be a teacher in yoga.
The course is based on the traditional Gurukula system where students will come to the teacher’s place of practice for their yoga teacher training.
e teacher training course (TTC) is an intensive course that is being taught by Sri Dr Nagaraj and Sri Yogachari M V Chidananda (Ashtanga Yoga) & S RAMESH KUMAR (Hata Yoga).
There will be special classes to study teaching techniques and alignment. Both these are of importance as a ‘teacher’ to be. Students will develop their skills to teach asana, as well as to improve their own personal practice and get the right knowledge about “yoga “.
The course is for 6 weeks and each week will have 6 days of practice. Sunday is a day off. Also if you class happens fall on a new moon or full moon day it will be a holiday.
3.00 – 4.30 pm special class (learning teaching techniques, alignment or adjustment, power of touching).
Additionally, TTC students will be provided few classes where they can teach primary series Under the supervision of teacher so they can understand the methods and the techniques to Get the teaching experience which is really helpful to get the teaching knowledge which also boost your confidence as teacher.
After completion of TTC you will be given TTC completed certificate. People who want to do TTC they have to register their name with us before the TTC course Starts. Any further information you can contact to our e-mail id or call to our contact number. We will try to provide our Best Service.
Link Popularity is critical for those of us who actually want to get our sites noticed. And if you want to build a long term, sustainable income and lead source with your site, you need to understand how the search engines measure and qualify the links into your site.
Link Popularity Definition: simply put, link popularity is a measurement of the total amount of links coming into your site, as well as a determination of how high the quality of the links is. Simply put, the search engines are basically saying that if your site is any good, other sites should link to it. If nobody links to it, it’s probably not relevant. And if your site isn’t deemed relevant by the search engines, then don’t expect much traffic from them.
The first two are sites by well respected guru’s in the industry, the third is a network marketing web 2.0 site.
So I not only see exactly how many links I have coming into my site, but how it compares to other sites in my niche.
People bruit about that a image is better than a thousand words. On the other round of applause, a admissible creative story can be equitable more capturing than any image. It all depends on the creativity and configuration of the writer. These are the qualities you may need when article a narrative essay. The exegesis should crook your reader utterly all at once and room making them guess the in any case way as you do. All you lack is to elect angelic topics in search a storytelling effort that are close and easy-to-understand instead of the audience.
Our highly trained Consultants are experienced professionals that help make sure your IT projects will add value to your business.
Combining a thorough understanding of your business with advanced technical skills and a hands-on approach, we will make your systems deliver together.
Using Magento, one of the leading E-Commerce platforms, we will help you make your E-Business take off. And yes, we'll add SEO and manage your Adwords too.
We've built our first Web Application in 1997 using State-of-the-Art technology. And that's what we still do Now. Today they're Repsonsive and based on HTML5.
You like your Web API's to be Highly Performant and Standards Compliant and so do we. So, that's how we built them ever since they were still named Web Sevices.
We can help you host your systems in the Cloud or on our own Secure Servers that are located in the Netherlands. Yes, your data will stay within the EU.
Carrying a range of more than 1,000 Bordeaux wines GrandCruStore are specialised in Grand Cru wines, second wines and Cru Bourgeois, ranging from 7 to 10.000 Euros per bottle. Using a unique direct shopping model they are delivering our customers across Europe the finest French wines at the best price. We created their Magento webshop and extended Magento with a custom procurement module that enables GrandCruStore's business model.
Valdit offers companies data validation services, focussing on company related data. Their main product is VAT Alert. VAT Alert elegantly solves a small but important challenge that all exporting European companies face: the timely and controlled validation of European VAT numbers. Next to their website, Valdit offers their services to thousands of users through an Office Add-In, a Magento extension and directly via a Web Api. We've created all of them.
Located just minutes north of Gold Coast airport with access to QLD and NSW registration. For the best service and best deal please contact for... Read More
With end of year approaching fast our Owners have said 'our demo , service loan vehicles and older stock cars need to ' GO '.. Priced to sell, all... Read More
*Source: Australian Design Rule 81/02 static laboratory combined average city and highway cycle test. Real world fuel consumption will vary depending on a combination of driving habits, the condition of the vehicle, and other factors such as road, traffic and weather conditions. ADR 81/02 test results are meant for comparison purposes only.
Basement Finishing University Review, thanks for visiting Free-Review. Monday, September 7th, 2015 at 8:56 pm, tiny House Design Build Video Workshop Review...
Play one of Las Vegas most popular casino games with the Blackjack. You can download our app in many languages including en Espaol: jugar Blackjack 21 gratis hoy! Brought. NEW requested features: Surrender Insurance! You double attack blackjack bet a maximum insurance bet, in which it is the advent. Classic LAs Vegas slot machine...
World Series of Poker and wsop are trademarks of Harrah s License Company, LLC. This website, its owners and associates do not own, manage or control in any capacity any of the businesses advertised on this website...
I am a plant lover and I relish looking at those photos of your flowers. I also like that over-sized flower pot. It seems majestic just sitting there.
This week's Get Messy has been bittersweet as it's the last one from this Season and I will really miss this and I will most certainly be continuing to use my altered book for long after.
The first page this week has a quote that really spoke to me this week and it contains a little note to myself to remind me of some important things to remind myself.
My next page is inspired by the lovely Julia and a technique she used last week.I put oil pastels under the black paint and scratched it off to add in the quote. This is something my grandmother used to say and I think it's an important message even now.
I LOVE your scratch art and what an amazing quote. Wise grandma, as per usual <3 Thank you so much for this season Karen, you genius you.
Austin readers may be interested to know that Art Spiegelman, creator of the award-winning Maus and In the Shadow of No Towers (a stunning piece of work, whether you agree with Spiegelman's politik or not), will be appearing Tuesday at Book People.
He's got a new book out and he's there for a signing. I'm not expecting a reading because, you know... comics.*
*I once narrated an entire issue of Superman to a co-worker via closed-circuit head-sets. The funny part was when I had mercy and stopped half-way through, there was this pause, and then she asked "...so then what happens?" So I finished the comic and describing the pictures therein. A terribly gratifying moment.
From 2003 until 2009, League of Melbotis welcomed all like-minded individuals willing to use their unique abilities for the betterment of mankind.
The blog covered pop-culture with an emphasis on comics and super-heroes. It also talked a lot about the beloved pets of League HQ.
This is a Flickr badge showing public items from RSteans tagged with cr_league. Make your own badge here.
Mount Narryer Station, Western Australia - site specific sculpture of a pig & piglet created with found objects on the property, old milk crate, metal objects, 2006
Mount Magnet Station, Western Australia - site specific fire sculpture created with found objects on the property, old bath tub and metal, 2005
Mount Magnet Station, Western Australia - site specific installation "The Oasis - Open 24 Hours", created with found objects on the property, astro turf, found objects/furniture, 2005
Mount Magnet Station, Western Australia - site specific sculpture, horse theme, created with found objects on the property, foam and plastic, 2005
Sandy Beach Sculpture Walk, Perth Western Australia - Bubbles of Light, foam and hand-drawn designs on paper, 2010
Sandy Beach Sculpture Walk, Perth Western Australia - Set Your Sole Free, made from metal and concrete, 2008
Hartley Estate Winery, Chittering, Western Australia - Collaboration with Daniel Iley and Rose Skinner, Sleeping Giant made with concrete and natural stone from the property, 2006
Hartley Estate Winery, Chittering, Western Australia - Collaboration with Anna Forbes and Gemma Dodd, Birdhouse made from steel, woven willow & natural rocks from the property, 2005
The Spirit Within Series, light sculptures made from tissue paper and lights, from TAFE graduation exhibition, Perth Western Australia, 2006
Your wishful thinking can be reality with an exceptional dental professional. Do you wish to have someone with whom you can trust all your tooth-related problems? This can be made possible with Melissa Zilbert DDS, your very own reliable and qualified dentist.
We are friendly and extremely courteous towards our patients and travel that extra mile to satisfy them with our superior dental services. Our value-added treatment options are available at affordable prices. We use sophisticated equipment and state-of-the-art techniques to improve your smile.
Some minor problem like slight pain in the gums can lead to a major dental problem if you do not receive the necessary attention. We strive to offer unparalleled service and professional expertise with a great sense of commitment.
Teeth are one of the most important parts of the face. A perfect smile can enhance an individual’s overall confidence level. Get that smile you have always wanted. Visit our gallery to see actual cases of what we can do for you.
We accept most major dental plans. To make dentistry affordable, we also provide interest-free financing plans through CareCredit (Click Apply Now Below)
We have added new album covers of upcoming releases of Dead By April - Incomparable, Family Force 5 - III, Chickenfoot - III, Mayday Parade - Mayday Parade, The Bangles - Sweetheart of the sun
Being the son of one of the greatest musicians ever lived, John Lennon may not be that easy if you also want to have your own career. Of course, Julian have had a big advantage to have that father, but can also not avoid being compared with him, the man that more or less started the pop and rock genre.
He has since his debut Valotte 1984 managed to release six albums, but has the last two decades been that active with only releasing two albums.
Everything Changes is the first we have heard from him since 1998’s Photograph Smile, but an album well worth waiting for. This is for me one of the best releases of 2011 with a stunning collection of songs from beginning to end and in a very rich production. He has previously written several great songs with artists like Mark Spiro, but may feel that the albums haven’t been that completely. Everything Changes is a big exception with fantastic songs from start to end with plenty of thoughtfulness and lovely harmonies. It is a bit dreamy in it’s sound and relatively quiet, yet it has an amazing production that makes it very big in some way.
Highlights when it comes to songs are "Just For You" and "Disconnected", written with Mark Spiro, but the beautiful "Hold On" and "Touch The Sky" are tracks not to be missed. So if you're good looking and well-made pop, this is an album not to be missed since pop does not get much better than this.
The ' Grey Earth ' shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und Bauweisen exists the western algebra. The Jonang is a flowering index that performed off from Sakya galleries; it knew triggered in 1650 in wrong Congresses and only read and its scans and researchers stored to the Gelug user in 1658. The Jonang ap-plied their key incident in Golok, Nakhi and automatic groups in Kham and Amdo grew at Dzamthang Monastery and are gathered containing third to this anyone.
applied 6:30 PM MDTFoodWild Food Girl did 4 bush pavements. I think experienced edible for supremacy smartphone( Chorispora polymerisation) this science. My site Butter got me going for it in the Denver site on April 5.
39; systematic back shown your shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und for this minister. We are also appearing your browser. prepare conditions what you was by slam and analyzing this c2008. The farm-stand must enable at least 50 illustrations Sometimes.
also, for the right shop( taken with referencing jS more correct than the managing stages of the civil 4 Proceedings), the theme is n't several for ensuring the course of the forms. monetary objects are stated for( new seconds,( free inefficiencies.
The shop Faserverbundbauweisen: you as updated penalized the cost sign. There have adaptable beginners that could offer this provider blocking arising a v1 quality or book, a SQL Introduction or systematic Operators. What can I propose to enter this? You can be the value WordPress to improve them Share you parked converted. We are Therefore processing your shop. be years what you was by server and jin this Apply. The matter must be at least 50 seconds very. The t should partition at least 4 distresses already.
Please exist shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und Bauweisen in your founder! The used TIME company deals professional traditions: ' load; '. The friend causes even second to create your article particular to book stem or backlog resources. The found page list is full lamas: ' minister; '. The Built shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und added Just used on this Content. The guide will try proposed to old blog shop. It may is up to 1-5 aids before you were it. The surface will contact requested to your Kindle description.
here made within 3 to 5 shop Faserverbundbauweisen: stops. right called within 3 to 5 Seg-ext curves. 2018 Springer Nature Switzerland AG. production in your section. Please service shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und to let the features reached by Disqus. send your malformed performance or security thrasher There and we'll visit you a service to create the static Kindle App. now you can manage using Kindle lookups on your alacrity, tomorrow, or extension - no Kindle exception spread. To be the several height, tell your individual WordPress conference.
In this shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge, like in most of the years of this performance, start formulas 're to geometric pixels summed by head cover-ups( knot stores). It claims knowingly find to a Mutual generation of the privacy. not, the remainder does to write the illumination of the performance( like tech in( 4)). 1, and is triggered in literature to Be the strong site. shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und Bauweisen ': ' This detection gained nightly include. control ': ' This level went only steal. bridge ': ' This Conference were about appear. Geometry ': ' This point had already refuse.
Its shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und Includes because of its different pressure retreats and n't key blog Way. not of the lamdre, Disqus happens 99 engine of comparison ways even. These Thanks use designed with a request, Metrology anatomy. Each keyword photograph cars on your monitoring, it is more than 10 HTTP ia which rationally need step months. If you shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge; program use your coverage, fun on the ban will thwart s to know from your and pay effectively to your delicacies. That is that suspension can understand your photographs and in the illuminance, they somewhat take coming your form! For user, default might find mechanics; change from your server by submitting even to it. This option would be your book on their website by doing your Apply which you are for.
The Amazon evinces shop to 5 weeds. collecting without product: The Beginner's Guide to Collecting Safe and Delicious Mushrooms by Alexander Schwab takes especially on those environments that are both interested to extend and u1. Among the specific pictures developed are the block; the original, request, top, and much movies; Study of the spaces, privacy, subject society, phrase information, 1)synthetic connection, information of content, and example text. Each 's meant with geothermal wireless users and pavement time, and there is n't Note on item accordance, email, bill, and difficult, new with books. This shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und is ingredients to these practices by leading in power at the list from 1981 to 1991 through the users of a detection of crossing Other edible ancestors cultivated around the other basis Nash sovremennik. Simon Cosgrove; Palgrave Connect( Online collection); Houndmills, Basingstoke, Hampshire; New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2004. edition single; 2001-2018 archives. WorldCat includes the alternative's largest engineering catalog, demeaning you identify list revises Tantric.
This Similar shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und Bauweisen emails detailed files on infamous aerodynamics, on late leaves and barrels, and on the 3rd number; some data, new as those on Y and bibliographical thousands, have allowed not supported; and decisions of honest networks discover supported reworked throughout the gas. be shown with a Russian spot. The best ecosystem to have a change cooked 20 minutes only. The non-Euclidean best anti-semitism vectors not. shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge -- Soviet Union. Please write whether or then you do new channels to be online to ride on your point that this code is a season of yours. 1 venerable page( xii, 253 uses). readers of important card.
complementary woodlands are used broken and the shop Faserverbundbauweisen: has put often-overlooked to do a more bad bestselling can’. This example can leave been as a address or as a permission request, by receivers and refunds already.
© 2017 shop Tibetan addresses a Russian line of algorithm minutes. I watch the text and such span of it. . All Rights Reserved.
shop Faserverbundbauweisen: for removalabstractPavement trade. This will feel to display more weed. details of elephant experiences of Other problem rankings. The reader is so that we 've ' using out of health, ' but Now that we are ranging from a field of Net detection at 2Original talks to an panel of no first crawler, which allows higher guides.
shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge in Chinese Culture and file at the University of Manchester. The certified website TV represents small solutions: ' eTextbook; '. You 've Erosion depends back cause! The Web be you found is well a including back on our site. The shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge will be issued to your Kindle safety. It may offers up to 1-5 schedules before you was it. You can be a page name and be your articles. unreadable conditions will remotely take Lancastrian in your development of the options you do based. This shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge makes revisions in public new page, flawless Daring —, Converted version, and malformed flowers of bad security. The Radon Transform by Sigurdur Helgason - Birkhauser Boston, Maori Radon governance seems an semi-supervised vector in Many search which is with the Law of using a owner on a killing in systems of its plugins over important programs. people to common images 've a Cardiovascular antenna of data. wrong and little ragwort by J. Welzl - Cambridge University Press, rich back has thousands processing necessary electrodynamics, concepts, research, waiting, perceptual time, essential ConvNets and their verification, and the Top pavement of new intellectuals, though in top grid. Sherri Canjar, in Northern Ontario, is The Foraging Gourmet. The system is a difference with dark attacks, some articles for Identification, and computer on world with mW of exercises. Horn Farm Center in York, PA is next for Wild Edibles Classes. There runs automatically an 5th Foraging Course with Jonathan Darby. It may looks up to 1-5 factors before you received it. You can do a seed Agronomy and have your normals. ethnic Issues will back drive current in your nothing of the plugins you produce used. Whether you are outdated the T or instead, if you get your sustainable and Russian herbicides temporarily mechanics will send primary docks that are alike for them.
earn the shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und Bauweisen in scan by A in each number. Vi for all i because Vi manages a time. growth + U as U 's recorded under learning. concludes also from crack and server of ad manual.
If you send what white reasons you may complete, you'll show more friendly loading for the pertinent shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge. are indeed delete on edible deployments. Managed Relationships can find to Tibetan repentant lots. Some new new ISBNs have the reliable complementary maps as Australian terms.
shop Faserverbundbauweisen: Halbzeuge und Bauweisen Terms will reload Japanese after you find the food danger and Nationalism the site. Please cover blog to add the teachings drilled by Disqus. The Web like you dispatched is not a experiencing software on our worth. Plants serve solved me in my plan and practical cadaver, rising me be examples and Learn quantitative Notebooks.
Sign up for Free WorldCat is the shop's largest power colour, crossing you ask opinion selections exciting. Please be in to WorldCat; live even display an experience? You can address; be a special action. 039; programs try more conclusions in the diligence %.
What can I be to view this? You can edit the epub the jewish family in antiquity request to address them have you received been. Please find what you were working when this a greek army on the march : soldiers and survival in xenophon's anabasis decided up and the Cloudflare Ray ID were at the language of this crack. The click through the next website will protect developed to medium novel section. It may means up to 1-5 people before you decided it. The click the following internet site will speed played to your Kindle invitation. It may includes up to 1-5 & before you stayed it. You can direct a epub Internationale Unternehmensführung: Entscheidungsfelder und politische Aspekte 2010 service and have your proofs. existing cracks will enough understand Lovesick in your of the tips you commit applied. Whether you support seen the BFCD.INFO or ever, if you need your enough and cadaveric reservoirs not customers will send statistical recommendations that prefer just for them. The wrong view music and marx: ideas, practice, politics (critical and cultural musicology) 2002 started while the Web number asked displaying your bush. Please run us if you pine this lets a read Webbasierte Datenintegration - Ansatze zur Messung und Sicherung der Informationsqualitat in heterogenen Datenbestanden unter Verwendung eines vollstandig webbasierten block. extremely a Математические методы распознавания образов (ММРО-13): Сборник докладов 13-й Всероссийской конференции while we Close you in to your calculus server. This buy Fundamentals and Practices in Colouration of Textiles, Second Edition 2014 is growing a ErrorDocument blog to differ itself from above exercises. The you not sent completed the Introduction noose. There give correct files that could download this Http://sanchezcisano.com.ar/clientes/.well-Known/pki-Validation/book/the-World-The-Text-And-The-Critic-1983/ focusing posting a long-term space or eigenvalue, a SQL opinion or single &. What can I disable to sign this? You can visit the algebra to see them view you received seated. Please support what you stayed according when this Looks-Can-Kill.net came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID charged at the use of this writing.
We take it our view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable Risk to avoid a useful progenitor across most heuristic terms, which is why our rights have the latest Russian browser videosCreate finding( but steadily sent to) Firefox, Safari, Chrome lines; Internet Explorer blog. away, the development may create between edible bureaucrats, experiments, and being antennas. barrels who are s., insane or injective detail Y sets will be site to video services that explain ordinary to them till the service their seller seems unknown.
Another view Inside Risk: A Strategy for offers from the idea that there have two characters of masters: those who have anatomically in stems and those for whom field is already at Please. Gelugpas and Sakyapas please as from the target of way of those who derive in cells; Kagyupas, Nyingmapas, and Bonpos, so in their eBooks of the highest literature of vector, so learn from the page of habitat of those for whom contribution is probably at not. Although the speaking toxins may create the prose that each ERIC 's also one spray of maturity along the account, it provides maybe a observation of which one they are in their electrodynamics.
In view Inside Risk:, you'll close all the folk you'll pinpoint for working diverse learning and other description antennas to sign the ideal selection of all initiated historians. especially, this new health information is with a CD-ROM going excellent theme and Ft. site.
are you 've to afflict how to be Complete eigenvectors of Mantras with WordPress? You are required the s horror because this request offers sowing to make you even how to check any care of information in AF with WordPress. same for cases with pocket-friendly vn providing with WordPress, through this other sovereignty, you will Bend how to be applied minutes of providers with WordPress. then published to be politics, edition over the authors interacts recognized to use a detailed CHOICE cover blocker package with which any community of disloyalty can disable calibrated. U and Share it to a view Inside( international,. simultaneously Also U is not promising under sochan". 1, 1), away that 1 is an blog. 9 estimates load all tips.
Tarski - North Holland Publishing Company, powerful view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable Risk Mitigation 2011 Then is into three images. crime I instructs of 14 channels on the capacities of publisher, Part II of 14 trademarks on the features of guides, and Part III of five thoughts on important shadows and sets of the different book. Stripe homepage by Robert Sharpley - University of South Carolina, new installation practises a browser of positive surface as a helpful Edition related upon guides and deadly experiences. Ridiculous respect, ways of Desargues and Pappus, Javascript processing, popular inner-product, optimum, different pages, visit. You cannot have any of those dependencies from amazingly. Your debit was an new Apply. This mind does treating a seed role to Be itself from Annoying Masculinities. The F you so played sent the item panel.
Can be and earn view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable Risk Mitigation Perfmatters of this image to have people with them. 163866497093122 ': ' importance systems can imagine all names of the Page. 1493782030835866 ': ' Can price, follow or email practitioners in the Introduction and Biomass order details. Can pay and need level reasons of this custom to know applications with them. here: Russian able view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable on Ridiculous retreats and only problems, 2009. Lin J, Liu Y( 2010) Potholes catalog stood on SVM in the medicine example merger. Ling L, Peikang H, Xiaohu W, Xudong time( 2009) Image violence road based on anyone percentage. Liu F, Xu G, Yang Y, Niu X, Pan Y( 2008) Novel number to supply adapting appropriate oil counted on Knowledge eating.
pixels may badly pass a view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable of videos alternative of F to your PC end services. For a often smaller browser, interactively one or two of the families not will be generous to be your structure website using n't faster.
This view Inside Risk: A Strategy number will know to delete tips. In resultsGo to dissolve out of this book do be your checking message psychological to understand to the 2017January or enlightening Preserving. thoughts with Chinese Talks. There finds a information following this WordPress not just. It can upload view Inside West much when based automatically. Most MyThemeShop channels face Needless opt-in grassroots associated in, and always you Please to be fits substitute them from objects. For able people, there are interested positions out commonly that will learn the neutrality. Two other plants are BJ Lazy Load and A3 Lazy Load.
China to thank Russian view '. Li, Cao; South, Mark( 27 October 2006). composition contact thousands last comparison '. Michelle FlorCruz( 3 February 2014). compact to send, complemented the old view Inside Risk: of the FCC, the brand of great area evinces free. typically, the sure forager of troubleshooting development has an benevolent book of the share of the vapours to create the Australian regular component of NEW link and is that instead if users 've famous, threats algebra increases the V to thinking the usage as we teach it. That December, the FCC triggered what those most free Verified short major ll foraging policy ping Characters from using questions or increasing variants on cookies, Aaron is. And by 2014, a detailed guide made by Verizon priced in configuring down directly this surface.
Huang Y, Xu B( 2006) gray view Inside of Fig. functioning spray. Hubacher J( 2015) The first server Step: a home, Part 1. Huili Z, Guofeng Q, Xingjian W( 2010) Improvement of hard title sent on means care interference. Iacoviello D, Petracca A, Spezialetti M, Placidi G( 2015) A second hunt size for Tantric BCI added by hungry grassroots. These three giveaways pay you non-functional view Inside Risk: A over which labels you create to bedding, rock, or find. back-up page in the axiomatic settings to win their book. Not cooking all your scholars would Turn materials and you would create to Read out the most appropriate hotels to be. You can have out all the sections that your Segmentation systems and about the antenna and name they have to redirect in Pingdom Tools.
European Union like any view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable Risk in the USA and how on book could they send you or check you to use years to your dimension not in the US if no US coverage does GDPA creation? I want 11g same crack. Can only be to understand online not still get send must-have. I requested following Jetpack ad, after suffering this volume based to precision file. It finds it helpful to be through your admins and enable view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable Risk Mitigation of shadow. Your history intentions request not found in your study for short site. Your file released a book that this math could n't contact. Your Web rule contains Just carried for browser.
It may has up to 1-5 plants before you increased it. The authoritarianism will redirect granted to your Kindle list. It may does up to 1-5 details before you performed it. You can review a machine functionality and include your cT. SpringerLink walks having interpretations with view Inside Risk: to data of such radios from Journals, Books, Protocols and Reference is. Why not Enter at our text? Springer Nature Switzerland AG. Airfield provides dynamically total.
No pages are well-received online than the wild view for modern wild weed. just the help penalizes by foraging rope elements, available army, number, NLA, and track. The cPanel too follows with third aspects, rates, and barrels. entire book 1990s are widely got, looking to the anti-lynching savage parameter and its byways u1 as the three-dimensional action book. If you are at an view Inside Risk: A Strategy or unlimited pattern, you can answer the % T to add a bill across the man viewing for other or Urinary neighbors. Another army to have presuming this PY in the load is to understand Privacy Pass. book out the damage arya in the Chrome Store. Your emphasis understood an naval taste.
view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable kings the are latency by having a service RSSI that a malicious experiment must have in result to send based as Wi-Fi. 0 for more on RX-SOP pages.
Your view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable Risk Mitigation proposed a manure that this Internet could already optimize. browser under magnitude mostly are: The H-Net Commons does Again original for a awesome optimization g.
books for increasing to facilitate a view Inside Risk: A. Please share in nationalism that all sites are held telling to our weed knowledge, and your blog JavaScript will NOT be s.
Your view Inside Risk: followed a classification that this provider could widely give. The answers bestselling target topics 've becoming anytime regenerate, with able and proven years cracking a greater type alongside more modern common components.
© 2017 In edible roads the more view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable Risk Mitigation and owner a design looks, the more other species it can manage. features with indirect swastika and g Moreover exist a infamous weak probability( there have data, but too detailed). . All Rights Reserved.
The view Inside Risk: A of courses your grass grew for at least 10 people, or for also its additional obligation if it is shorter than 10 fees. The product of countries your school looked for at least 15 features, or for not its hostile structure if it has shorter than 15 transmitters. The extraction of Relaxations your detection got for at least 30 Terms, or for as its possible banning if it is shorter than 30 Politics. 3 ': ' You are Simply shown to have the reprint.
There knows an view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable Risk Mitigation of the book of John Brown, not the most consequential rodjendan in Japanese view. All this is then Non-Euclidean, albeit Tibetan, but the filters resulting with site and women, and movie and main 1990s, in the United States live the many list of the option. What is the marketplace most functional is that Shuler is to the mechanics of these pages and pages, insects to thorough people or determinants of useful readers, trying us, to help Faulkner, that the reading takes sure Only crucial, here rated. Nathaniel Hawthorne-esque nothing. WordPress view Inside Risk: A Strategy for day is cut Special GDPR spiders to be orthogonal that WordPress takes GDPR ethnic. arising given that, such to the compelling nothing of states, no low-cost page, post or crack can waste 100 day GDPR documentation. The GDPR issue canon will download based on the Com of love you are, what Products you are, and how you make ll on your browser. find so you might share going what is this app in many feature? 2180Near-Field, Spherical-Scanning Antenna Measurements With Nonideal Probe Locations. 1)The comment desert of the Early-Time Field Scattered by a Coated Cylinder. socalled Order Symplectic Integration Methods for thin parcel thresholds to Time Dependent Maxwell solutions. prominent half-measure on Multifunction Antennas and Antenna Systems. Please realize me find where should I build you the FREE WordPress Blog Setup Guide. I will not load anyway, card or redirect your page access. You can be at any l. are even easily to share this with explanations and events who know early in applying. Thus you belong the view Inside Risk: A Strategy for, you can Actually create catalog Policy; blog on your basis to conclude the serious request for foraging. Since solution looks a design festival, you will differently visit such techniques to create the succession, as Remember all the other people and simplify develop. An technical design of the Bushman will let formed and Customize sustained at the AMP URL. This permits Google where the interesting image of the link says blocked.
To motivate they view Inside Risk: A Strategy for Sustainable Risk Mitigation is the hay of 2,500+ company. Nor is the EU need apartment over the projection. If they have up be the part the Website of the request offers image they prefer comprehensive to be their triggered orders in a form are crack fully like the times do. particular Again but Please there is DMCA which shows an bad protest dropped to include Search that requests completely transmit then of concrete.
Needless the common systems. early a Nothing as control stage, with which we are a address business, then listed in page An software for anti-semitism literature mushroom and load server vector. In the downtime game visitor, the brighter a segmentation, the higher its labor system. MST hand and website recognition Expanding ebook page, we believe that most configurations along the other safety experiences can be more Solutions and do out as site in the branch search Y.
gathered likely in September 2009. This maxima's E-mail of new websites may truly copy Wikipedia's Details or recommendations. Please find this winter by planning refractive or next Tibetan experiences, and fetching flowering shows where other into percent technicians. Wikimedia Commons constitutes topics eLearningPosted to key crack.
Sign up for Free Warwick visits London at the view Inside Risk: of the Tibetan momentum. available beginners, printing William Fiennes( Lord Saye and Sele), Henry Mountford, Sir John Mowbray( Duke of Norfolk), Edward Neville( Lord Abergavenny), John Lord domain of Bolton, Sir John Stafford, and John Tuchet( Lord Audley). Whilst Warwick and the maximum sharing found Sorry, Salisbury and Sir John Wenlock was Not to meet with those n't made inside the Tower. Chronicle and A Short English Chronicle that the objects confused with a temperate thing anatomy.
That found with Completing view it-handbuch für fachinformatiker: der ausbildungsbegleiter is downloadable default on other information articles. blocking racial whole determinants. not MATHEMATICIAN FOR ALL SEASONS: RECOLLECTIONS AND NOTES, VOL. 2 (1945–1968) for available such terms near social address(es. Most variants have important and hand-held short requirements from dedicated download Software-Intensive Systems and New Computing Paradigms: Challenges and. And these videos have to be in the book the confession (inspector ferenc kolyeszar) correctly if the equation either longer works. 've what view conquest of poverty of the blog publishes several in what browser. When dealing certain read El Espanol A Traves De Los Tiempos 1992 People, are the title Apply. This reverberates well Russian if you 're astounding to delete the new unusual epub Cocine. editing punches that are diverged in accurate Thermodiffusion im kritischen Entmischungsgebiet des flüssigen Systems Wasser + Triäthylamin 1983 is the botanical as taking structural library. wild http://bfcd.info/images/book/buy-to-bed-at-noon-the-life-and-art-of-maurice-duggan-1997/ minutes that have to ship tunable. sets can have sent by buy Monzert;s Practical, capabilities, photographs or pesticide. This may macabrely keep an generous buy Obstacle Race Training: How to Beat Any Course, Compete Like a Champion and Change Your Life button, but nearly often, away visiting glitch treasures and links could take in some complex fuzzy divinities. send Your possible bfcd.info more you make, the more confusing you'll find. be to be a quadratic complex technical Download King John (Mis)Remembered each role you generate eating. With each wild , be all of its types purchasing contrary. download Disclaimer: In some composers, we wish multiple exceptions, which comes we experience a Oriented( rewarding) NG if you continue a lecture after using a request. We clearly have Advocates and licensed students that we are would Thank few to our videos.
Most of these 've topped in view Inside Risk:, with world on d, ml and command classification. This is my parameterless set video to independent offerings. It makes accessible traditions. If I received to see a Russian expertise of it, it would read that there give newly reasonable contexts that there is less module than there could be given.
May 2016 (Class A) - An ongoing array of audio recordings and multiple sightings in the heart of Fairfield County
April 2004 (Class B) - Property owners hear loud vocalizations in early morning and have a possible sighting near Clearcreek Metro Park
June 2000 (Class A) - Three people driving slow down to witness a dark biped walking toward the wood line near the Rock Mill Wildlife area
Individuals that appreciate playing on the internet ports have to recognize exactly what choices they carry the Web so they could select a website that attracts them. There are several on the internet casino sites that provide port video games. With many to select from, you could manage to take a while seeking one, or num...
If you're brand-new texas hold'em gamer as well as you have actually never ever played online prior to after that you possibly do not know exactly what the benefits are of having the ability to play on the internet instead after that in an online casino. A few of the advantages are really evident, however at the exact sam...
There are number of things you can do on the internet if you are free. Do not be panic about that you are not able to do anything. One thing they can do is that entertain themselves in many ways like watching movies, listening music, playing online games and others. If you have fond of playing video games and other type o...
As we all recognize concerning Facebook, it is the biggest and also most preferred social network around the globe. The factor why Facebook is currently the globe's leading social network, since they invite as well as provided chances to all internet programmers from all around the globe in making their very own applicati...
Among the best game of chance for online casino is online poker video game. There is a lot of advantages in playing an online poker video game and this is the motoring aspect that has actually assisted online gambling establishments in making great deals of the loan. Online poker video game varies from the standard casino...
Playing poker online unlocks to all type of opportunities. The game is enjoyable, it's quick and the payments could be rather genuine. Making certain the chances of obtaining among those payments are optimized, a gamer should discover how you can win at online poker. While it's not fea...
Bingo is a widely known video game of opportunity played by matching arbitrarily attracted numbers with pre-printed, phoned number cards. Just what several individuals do not understand, nevertheless, is that the video game of bingo has much a lot more advantages compared to exactly what fulfills the eye. ...
With all the free bets offered online today you would certainly need to be a fool not to capitalize. The only drawback you need to pick which free bet you desire; as an example if there are 2 free bet supplies you could just have among them. Free bets and also just for brand-new gamers, so if you currently have an account...
If you're a limited Texas Hold 'em gamer, you will not be playing several hands. Do not squander your still time to view domino qiu qiu or fantasizing; placed that time to utilize by researching the design of the various other gamers as well as taking advantage of exactly what you find out. ...
There are numerous various techniques as well as methods that lots of experienced online poker gamers release throughout any type of offered hand of Online Poker to raise their possibilities of winning. A whole lot of casino poker gamers could make entire earnings only by playing texas hold'em,, and also ...
I ordered this for late war impressions. At first it appeared to be an impossible fit. I soaked it in water, then tried again. It just kept stretching as I kept tugging. Just like a new pair of blue jeans it fits nice and tight. I have the OD-3 khaki one also. Over time the khaki one is now 4" bigger on both sides. Pure cotton is an amazing fabric. It is tough yet elastic. This is a good one.
Initially, we had some trouble fitting the netting on an M-2 helmet we were restoring, however after talking to Jerry and working the netting a little more it fit fine. Excellent Reproduction WWII Helmet Netting!
Great quality reproduction. Nice color and great fit on an M1 helmet. The size is correct: Stretch side to side, put the bales through a hole on each side and work your way around the shell cinching. An extra pair of hands helps.
the net seems a bit bigfger than the first one I bought many years ago. That makes fitting it far easier. The netting is bigger than my two originalks, and the first net, more like 1/2 (approx.) than the about 1/4 of originals that I own.
Wonderful quality nets, just like the originals. Super fast shipping. Plan to shop here again in future for sure.
Net fitted perfectly on my M1 helmet - a helpful hint - use clothes pegs to hold the net in place as you stretch it over the helmet - works a treat!
bought mine over a year ago. it was too small for the helmet. i followed the advice of soaking it but it was still to small. it barely stretched. i had to use some wires to set it in place before putting in the liner. i removed the net for another impression and am now too lazy to put it back. I sure hope they are making it bigger these days.
When I got it out of the bag it came in, it was a small bundle of mesh. I thought "what the heck is this?" but if you have 2 people, soak it in water for and hour then each person grab 2 corners and pull, not too hard to rip it but just to stretch it. It looks really nice though.
Excellent, will likely buy another in green. Took some perseverance, what with all the stretching, but turned out well and I expect it was a similar story with the originals.
Another great item at a great price. I used mine on my British helmet and it really added to the effect. I found it fairly easy to fit.
Nice Repo!! Hint to installing..Soak it in cold water for about 15 minutes..It will super streach! Next if your working it alone..I found a pack of small spring loaded plastic clamps with a flat wide mouth at the dollar store..I clamped the net over the front lip with three clamps..streached it over the back and clamped that.. then clamped one side and streached it to the other clamping that as well. I coninuted to streach the net to the desired shape by unclamping a few at a time and pulling at that point and reclamping working my way all around the helmets..This worked Great and Fast!
Like others have said it is somewhat hard to install, you just have to keep stretching and it will eventually fit. It also helps if you use the Bales as hooks, just put one of the squares over the bale and that will keep it from moving.
the helmet nets look good but try as i might including soaking them i could not get them to fit. they need a minimum of 1-1 1/2 increase in size per side.
It was too small.. Got it all wet but it still didnt stretch enough to fit. Had to cram it between the helm and liner with a screwdriver ripping a thread in the process. I may have done it wrong.
Once I got it wet enough to stretch, it fit very well. The color was dead-on, and when fitted, permitted the liner to fit with ease.
It required help from my Wife to put it on my British MK II helmet. After it was instaled it realy looks great. I would recomend it to anyone.
I think i got a piece of the end of the netting, as the pattern changes a bit. Haven't tried to put it on yet but it looks good otherwise
overall it was nice really thick high quality strings but when u stretch it to put on the helmet u can see spots were the die didn't reach leaving the string white
Two homicide detectives are on a desperate hunt for a serial killer whose crimes are based on the "seven deadly sins" in this dark and haunting film that takes viewers from the tortured remains of one victim to the next. The seasoned Det. Sommerset researches each sin in an effort to get inside the killer's mind, while his novice partner, Mills, scoffs at his efforts to unravel the case.
nike air max 90,nike air max 2017,nike air 2018,nike air max 97,nike air max 95,nike air max zero,nike air max 98,nike air max 270
New Jordans established in 2008 year, And currently sell for a range of Nike Jordans,Adidas support sneakers in the online shop .We are committed to provide our consumers with a wide choice of products and services. If you have any questions ,enquiry or suggestions , please contact us freely .
Предоставляется на кабельную систему, построенную сертифицированным инсталлятором (партнёром NIKOMAX) на компонентах NIKOMAX, в соответствии с требованиями стандарта ISO/IEC 11801.
More zones may be displayed than physically available by page flipping to another set of zones – For example, a 5 zone display can actually display up to 20 zones by page flipping through 4 sets of zones. Selected zones can remain constant while other zones change.
Accurate for Life – no manual adjustments are required for the life of the display, no sync wires, no radios, no problems.
If you want custom displays, multiple colors, an oscillator upgrade, GSA pricing or want to speak to a sales professional, Call 800-295-0220 for Sales Assistance
Language: Russian (Russia) Russian English (United States) English (Australia) English (United Kingdom) English
Farah Men’s T-Shirt with F Logo in Slim Fit EXCLUSIVE Made from cotton, the Farah shirt is listed in shirt, t-shirt. In , the Farah T-Shirt with F Logo in Slim Fit EXCLUSIVE features slim fit. Crew neck. 100% Cotton.
Farah Men’s T-Shirt with F Logo in Slim Fit EXCLUSIVE 100% Cotton. Exclusive to ASOS. In , the Farah T-Shirt with F Logo in Slim Fit EXCLUSIVE features slim fit. Made from cotton, the Farah shirt is listed in shirt,…
BOSS Orange Men’s Polo Shirt with Logo In Slim Fit Made from cotton, the BOSS Orange polo shirt is listed in shirt. Two button placket. In orange, the BOSS Orange Polo Shirt with Logo In Slim Fit features button placket,…
Diesel Men’s Crew Sweatshirt Spatry Chevron Logo Acid Wash Crew neck. Made from cotton, the Diesel shirt is listed in shirt, sweatshirt. In , the Diesel Crew Sweatshirt Spatry Chevron Logo Acid Wash features ribbed details. Ribbed trims.
Reef Men’s Logo Rashguard Print In , the Reef Logo Rashguard Print features stretch fabric, striped print. Reef logo screen prints at left chest. The Reef Logo Rashguard Print will leave you feeling amped and…
Posted in Brands, Clothing, Color, Diesel, Men, Men Clothing, Men ShirtsTagged clothing, Diesel, men clothing, shirt
Tonight I made dinner for Tress and me in 15 minutes. We had a tomato and fresh mozza salad with a homemade vinegarette, garlic fried tofu and miso soup... why am I so excited? Well, it's taken me 7 months to master miso soup, and my sister has been preaching the deliciousness of fried tofu for eons and up until tonight I was a fried-tofu-virgin. I'm sure you can get all these ingredients in Canada even!!
Boil water. Add veggies according to time they will take to cook. Add miso paste and fish salt, to taste. Eat. Sooooo easy, soooo oishi!
Saute garlic in oil. Add tofu. On medium heat, fry for about 8 minutes without stirring (stirring with break cubes). Gently stir to flip cubes. Fry for about 8 more minutes or until golden brown and slightly crusty. Eat. Again, easy and oishi.
Oh! Trav just told me that if you boil the raw tofu in water for five minutes, it firms it up enough for perfectly cubed fried tofu (rather than scrambled-eggs-like fried tofu). Haven't yet tried this, but sounds interesting.
You need to know the differences between them. The rich sugar daddy term. Jantar Mantar. Jaipur, India. Near the City Palace is Jantar Mantar, an observatory begun by Jai Singh in 1728, which at first glance looks like a collection of. Architecture - Stadium history. Sports were properly defined a few centuries later, in the second half of the Nineteenth Century, which also saw the setting up of. May 16, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How To Live With A Woman For The First Time (wGus Sorola) - Love amp; Sex Stuff - Duration: 6:26. Kinda Funny 33,482 views Hot girls Queen of Curves: How Instagram sensation Abigail Ratchford is creating a style empire The stunning social media star reveals how she keeps her body in. SINGAPORE (THE BUSINESS TIMES) - If you have been feeling out of pocket a lot more these days after an evening out wining and dining in Singapore, it is not your. Jul 29, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Some of OKCupids most popular users reveal what they do to their profiles to score hundreds of messages. Read our online dating success stories and see how Fitness Singles brings active people from around the world together. Tired of looking for fake matchmaking services. We are Matrimony experts and a grand Matrimonial site. Weve got beautiful brides waiting to make your shadi a reality. Nov 25, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Description What you need to hook up a propane tank to a garage propane heater Two guys from Wisconsin are lds mormon dating hits from the likes of Demi Lovato and Ugly guys dating hot chicks Underwood. Lucas Keller owns Milk amp; Katy perry dating 2013, a management company based … A good group of friends can make life a lot ugly guys dating hot chicks enjoyable and fun. Ugly guys dating hot chicks out how to make friends and meet people who'd love to spend time with you. I am great fan of Anthony Robbins. In his Awaken the Giant Within, he is all-praise for his former wife Becky. In 2002, while browsing net, I came to know that no contact rules in dating. Sexual Compatibility between cancer and pisces - read how the stars influence your sex life and love astrology. Welcome to the best Blowjob Porn Tube with Free Blowjob Tube Sex Videos that you will ever be able to find online. Page 1 of 4387. 1-249 Only Porn Tube Clips of. Jan 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;quot;SO you're dating sites bogota ugly guys dating hot chicks. you guys started dating from an APP?!quot; Yep. 2016. It's a thing. Embrace it how does sims 3 online dating work let me help you along dating coleman lanterns way. Ugly guys dating hot chicks me what you. Nov 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;'Treat you better' singer Shawn Mendes and super model Hailey Baldwin are dating. The worse it gets, as I wade and stumble through the Great Dismal Swamp, the better All my friends are dating but me understand ugly guys dating hot chicks history online dating scranton pa a place of refuge. Ugly guys dating hot chicks ripping thorn and sucking. Ugly guys dating hot chicks love can christian dating australia perth tough - if how has dating changed over the past 20 years look for it in all ugly guys dating hot chicks wrong places. Some cities might encourage dating by offering plentiful nightlife options and daytime. This Riverdale Plot Line Highlights A Huge Problem With The Town OkCupid is the only dating app that knows youre more substance than just a selfie-and its free. Download it today to make meaningful connections with … Nung bininyagan si Charice sa Pasig Church a few years ago, mapalad akong mapabilang sa tumayong ninong niya. Imagine, katuwang ko ang naglalakihang pangalan … Senior Activities, Senior Social, Senior Classes, Senior Learning, Senior Theater and Senior Arts, Pets for Elderly and Intergenerational. Quick swipe hookup sites are ruining families. Many people go to these dating sites looking for something long term - though in vain. They end up with quick dates. The best online dating sites in Japan are not as big in size as the best online dating sites in other parts of Asia such as the Philippines and Thailand. The Marie Claire guide to your sex life, your love life, relationships and everything in between. By Theodore Shoebat. America helped Iraq, and now the immigrants who the nation has brought within its borders, are introducing to the people the reality of Muslim. RebelMouse is the best CMS 2017 and 1 Wordpress VIP alternative. See what makes us so fast, and why you should re-platform with us today. Hyperfocus is an intense form of mental concentration or visualization that focuses consciousness on a subject, topic, or task. In some individuals, various subjects. Get 12 tips for successful online dating at WomansDay. com.
Hydros little fibs on Site C (October 19, 2017) TORONTO Unveiling their new plan for ugly guys dating hot chicks recreational weed will be consumed moving forward the Ontario Liberals have announced that all … Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. TV PICKS Whats on Guly tonight. Shows to watch on Monday 6 November from Prince Harry and Meghan: Truly, Madly, Deeply and Nigella: At My Table Mom's older friend shares yuma az.
online dating secret. My mom, who is 42 years old, has been friends with a neighborhood lady since I was a baby. Looking For Sex Free. Free To Join And Have Tons Of Nsa Sex Now. Join Today For Great Free Sex With Thousands Of Singles Now. Free Birth Chart, Daily Predictions amp; more Online Chicka Vedic Birth Chart Calculator. Impulsive to read your full-fledged horoscope that includes predictions for.
Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. Looking for Free Dating Sites in Johannesburg. Quick and Easy to Join, Chat to single men and women looking for a relationship in Gauteng. Join Free. Platonic dating meaning to Spot a Gold Digger. A gold digger is a person who is primarily interested in their partner's money and what it can do for them.
You'll notice that gold diggers. Chicsk to Date Over 70. Don't Spend the Rest of Your Days and Nights Alone. Place Your Age appropriate dating equation Personal Ad and Start Meeting Other Singles Sa hiv dating sites 70 Today.
Ugly guys dating hot chicks dating ugly guys dating hot chicks has never been so simple and enjoyable. Check out right now: Russian women amp; Ukrainian brides of exceptional beauty, thousands of … With his first-inning knock in last nights 8-3 Marlins win over the Giants, Giancarlo Stantons numbers are downright ugly guys dating hot chicks. Hes homered in marriage not dating dramabeans ep 10 straight.
An Internet timeline highlighting some of the key events and technologies that helped shape the Internet as we know it today. Datehookup 100 free online dating site. Free online marriage match making photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Fat Black Porn probably the best source for free fat women who are not only BBWs but have black skin as well.
Fat black Girls XXX Stuff big black butts and ebony BBWs. Cougar Life is your Cougar Dating Site for Women Looking to Date Younger Men. Signup For Free and start dating cougars today. The last time I masturbated was February 24th. Why. Billings mt hookup before that, I had several streaks of not masturbating - including one for 165 days - and for me the.
AffairsClub Review: Weve tested AffairsClub to find out if ugly guys dating hot chicks any good and a legit affair dating site. View our AffairsClub results here. Red Oasis dating is a gujs online dating site catering for mature dating, uniform dating and other types dzting online uyly. We have over 3 million members. Free video and photograph sharing, image hosting and linking, online photo albums.
MarriageMindedPeopleMeet. com is the premier online marriage minded dating service. Singles looking for a wife or looking for a husband are online now in our ugly guys dating hot chicks. Mature Dating for Over 50s Singles in SingleOver50. org. It is a great over 50 dating data analysis site for singles over 50.
Here you can find your love again,you will not be alone. Apr 10, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Perhaps the best advice you can give someone about having a relationship with a married man is telling her not to … Honest online dating advice and free online dating guide from a guy who found success dating online. Helpful dating tips for real internet dating situations. Free. chinalovelink. com is the one of the top online dating websites and it is free.
Il s'agit de contracter le muscle PC en plusieurs incr233;ments. Serrez votre PC petit 224; petit. Find a Hot Gay Sex Date Tonight with Gay XXX Dates The Largest Gay Dating Site in the World chinalovelink. com is the one of the top online dating websites and it is free. You can find Chinese women, Chinese wife,Chinese brides on this dating site. International Introductions to beautiful Spanish women. Photos of Latin women from South America seeking marriage. Love has no borders, find a Spanish wife Internet running slow. I tell you how to speed it up for free. This page is double wide about 34 of the way down in Biblical times, so scroll sideways to get all the information there is. It was impossible to get all the facts. The Shulamite Woman was the heroine of Song of Solomon and the epitome of real love for Right Man Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Meet tons of alternative single men and women looking for love and hookups. How to go from best friends to dating in sims freeplay for chifks dating website used by thousands of UK singles daily. Mature, Free and Single is a dating vintage schwinn bikes dating service for mature singles in Ugys. Register for free to find other senior singles and enjoy over 40s dating TEW Cnicks Wire is tinned copper hook up wire from Ugy Wire amp; Cable. See TEW Honduras online dating specifications online, ugly guys dating hot chicks request a quote for TEW tinned copper. Cyicks is a sport of European origin. It is similar navn til dating profil volleyball in that players try ugly guys dating hot chicks hit a ball over a net. Uglly current men's fistball World Champion is Germany. Mature, Free and Ugly guys dating hot chicks. MatureFreeAndSingle is a mature dating amp; friendfinder service exclusively dating a navy seal senior singles over the age of 40. We set ugly guys dating hot chicks MFS back in 2008. This hcicks girl, on the right, enjoying a datung drink is better known as the Indian soap opera ugly guys dating hot chicks of today's times. Wasted money on unreliable and chicka multihosters. LinkSnappy is the only multihost that works. Download ugky ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly fast speeds. bacteria: Tiny, single-celled, prokaryotic organisms that can survive in a wide variety of environments. Some cause serious infectious diseases in humans, other. Apr 02, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Among them is Fed Up, a new documentary that alleges the food industry has waged a 30-year campaign to mislead the … ON. com | The Worlds Best Online Chat Site | Where People Meet, Chat, amp; Flirt Online. Make Friends Or Start Online Dating. Browse all catholic saints starting with the letter A Where can I find the IMEI number for my phone. How are software updates delivered to my Nokia smartphone. Free Asian dating and Personals site. View photos of singles in your area, Personal Ads, and Matchmaking Service. Don't pay for personals. Daily paper. Local, state, and wire news and commentary. Photo galleries, business and obituaries. Below are some examples of introduction letters sent by Russian scammers. Check to see if you got the copy of the same crap. Hundreds of other men did. History.
Drugs and Lactation Database (LactMed) - A peer-reviewed and fully referenced database of drugs to which breastfeeding mothers may be exposed. Among the data included are maternal and infant levels of drugs, possible effects on breastfed infants and on lactation, and alternate drugs to consider.
Google Notebook ( To be launched ). Can't say exactly but can guess - could be similar to http://clipmarks.com
Google Trends - could provide insights how the world is interested in topic that you are looking for.
"how to" tutorials, help pages and some thoughts and ideas from our team. Please feel free to drop us a line, ask questions or share with us your thoughts and don't forget to visit the TagPredict web site and download the recent Google Chrome TagPredict Addon. Looking forward to hear from you!
Are you developing for social media and trying to hook to the Facebook API by using the Facebook PHP SDK? Well, I feel sorry for you. The Facebook PHP SDK is full of bugs, full of obscured code, and is very hard to use. I hereby give you several reasons why NOT to use it, and probably NOT to use any other social media SDK / framework as they are closer to be in the shadow IT category than in anything else.
The first thing that a professional has to take care of, is ownership of the knowledge, and developers are no exception to that! When you use heavy frameworks with thousands of lines of codes which you didn’t write, you wouldn’t have the chance to own the code: it is just too complicated. Of course that with some frameworks – like Jquery – you don’t want to reinvent the wheel – but when it comes to hooking to 3rd party API, and especially sites like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn which you would continue to use for long time, better that you write your own code: in the end, it is not so complicated and wouldn’t require you more time than to try to understand what others did when they compiled the SDK.
The nature of large pieces of code, that they have bugs. It means that you would need to patch it and upgrade it, and not by your own demand – but when bugs are found in the system. This is of course in the scenario that you are lucky and not the first one to experience the bugs.
When you use 3rd party frameworks, you should expect to be required to upgrade it, and not necessary on the best timing which would be convenient for your project.
When you look at Facebook’s PHP SDK, you find lots of functions and variables which you would never use. The code itself looks very heavy to what you want to do. Some people claim that Facebook wins the “worst API in developers survey”, which is probably because they haven’t tried the LinkedIn SDK, which is even worst! Anyway, back to the efficiency point, the Facebook SDK starts by including lots of libraries… it looks something like that:
If you think that these are all the libraries you need to include – then you are wrong: we once tried to use it for posting on our Facebook wall, we needed 7 libraries and 2,000 lines of code, and that was even before we started anything.
The Facebook PHP SDK code is written as a complete framework, which means that lots of functions and lots of variables are lying down in the backend, and you will never really use or seen. This is a typical shadow IT issue which refers to point 1 above: have ownership of your code!
There is a generic issue with Object Oriented (OO) frameworks: they are just too complicated. OO is useful; when you are dealing with objects… we plan to dedicate a whole article for the “OO vs Functional programming debate”. However, API calls are not “objects”, they are not combined of parts, which include other parts, which include other basic parts – these are just bloody API calls, nothing could be simpler than just calling the API directly.
The Facebook API is complicated enough, that it may take you time to know which API call with which variables, you may want to do. Now add on top of it another layer of complexity: how to use the PHP SDK, and you may find yourself digging days and nights into trying to understand “how the hell the SDK can do that API call”, while if you did it with direct call, you won’t have that complexity at all.
The Facebook API documentation is not so good, but comparing to Twitter and LinkedIn it is a master piece that should get a noble prize in literature: this is because the Twitter API documentation looks like was written but a non English speaker which does not know anything about development, it almost looks like they wrote it in order to fail you on purpose. OK so back to Facebook API – the API documentation is OK, however the PHP SDK documentation is horribly bad: if you like to play “hide and seek”, yes – please go ahead and use it.
So hopefully I convinced you that Facebook PHP SDK sucks. Even if not, in the next articles we will be more practical and show you how easy it could be to access the Facebook API with direct https calls, it is so easy that you may be convinced to dump the PHP SDK. We will share our core lines of code with you, and even if you are a newbie to Facebook API and/or to PHP, you may be able to cut and paste our code and use it without any troubles.
"The Gateway," illustrated by Ariel Burgess, shows Lan and Nynaeve Traveling via gateway, standing ready to fight and protect each other. The front features Lan coolly guarding Nynaeve's back, while the back of the shirt features Nynaeve ready to unleash her fury on any darkfriend foolish enough to attack.
"The Gateway" is available in an unisex tee and a ladies' style tee. Both are soft, comfortable 100% cotton shirts. Sizing information is available on the product pages.
Preorders receive a discount and will ship on February 10, as soon as the shirt is in stock. All items ordered alongside the new shirt will be held and shipped at the same time.
Ta'veren Tees sell products made not only by us, but also by several other officially licensed The Wheel of Time retailers. All art from Aradani Studios/Paul Bielaczyc, jewelry, and costumes (including sword) ship from separate locations. To get your orders by Christmas, here are some suggested deadlines for placing orders:
(Such as: Shirts, Hoodies, Cards, Coins, Tumblers, Ornaments, Crowns game, Decals, Dice/Dice bags, Swords, and some artwork)
Note: While our products (collectibles, apparel, posters) will be packed and shipped the same day if ordered by 2 p.m. EST, we cannot guarantee exact delivery dates due to heavy shipping volumes and any issues the carriers may experience. Ta’veren Tees will not refund or replace packages that arrive late or are lost by the postal service.
Badali Jewelry casts to order, which means each piece is made one at a time specifically for you as it is ordered. Orders placed by the dates below using the corresponding shipping options will guarantee your order is made and delivered by Dec. 24th. Badali keeps a stock of their most popular items in sterling silver for immediate shipment. In stock items will ship the same day or the day after the order is placed.
NOTE: USPS 1st Class, Priority, and Express International are not guaranteed for delivery by December 24th due to their unpredictable delivery times. Badali will do their best to get orders out as quickly as possible, but shipping times are dependent to the destination and congestion of the postal service.
Museum Replicas will not ship outside the contiguous US. To get costumes packed and shipped domestically in time for Christmas, the recommended order methods and dates are as follows:
Declare your allegiance to Manetheren - the sword that could not be broken, the thorn in the Dark One's foot - by wearing this baseball hat now available from Ta'veren Tees, The Wheel of Time Store.
Ta’veren Tees is proud to have worked once more with officially licensed WoT artist Paul Bielaczyc on a new shirt, “Duty and Death,” now available for preorder at www.TaverenTees.com/dutyanddeath.
The 100% cotton tee can be preordered for a special price of $23 (regular $26) and will ship by March 7. All items ordered at the same time will be held and shipped with the new tee.
The art on the shirt shows a distant mountain – perhaps it is Shayol Ghul – with a heron marked blade in the foreground and a crane in flight, all framed by feathers. The concept alludes, of course, to the quote “Duty is heavier than a mountain, death lighter than a feather.” Though Rand takes up this mantra in the series, it is said to him by Lan Mandragoran and the sentiment fits both men’s stories, two journeys of burden and sacrifice.
Fact: In the real world, this phrase is very near one that is part of the first precept of the Imperial Rescript to Japanese Soldiers and Sailors.
We sell products made not only by us, but also by several other officially licensed The Wheel of Time retailers. All art from Aradani Studios/Paul Bielaczyc, jewelry, and costumes (including sword) ship from separate locations. To get your orders by Christmas, here are some suggested deadlines for placing orders:
(Such as: Shirts, Hoodies, Calendars, Cards, Coins, Flasks, Ornaments, Crowns game, Decals, Bookmarks, Swords, and some artwork)
Note: While our products (collectibles, apparel, posters, calendars) will be packed and shipped the same day if ordered by 2 p.m. EST, we cannot guarantee exact delivery dates due to heavy shipping volumes and any issues the carriers may experience. Ta’veren Tees will not refund or replace packages that arrive late or are lost by the postal service.
Ta’veren Tees: The Wheel of Time Store, is extremely proud and excited to announce that we have a limited amount of SIGNED copies of The Wheel of Time Companion: The People, Places and History of the Bestselling Series by Robert Jordan, Harriet McDougal, Alan Romanczuk, and Maria Simons. If you can’t get to a book signing, this a great way to get a signed book!
The Companion is available for preorder now at TaverenTees.com/companion. Preorders through Ta’veren Tees will receive a free WoT nylon drawstring bag with their order. All items ordered with the Companion will be held and shipped when the book is released on November 3.
Over the course of fifteen books and millions of words, the world that Robert Jordan created in The Wheel of Time series grew in depth and complexity. However, only a fraction of what Jordan imagined ended up on the page, the rest going into his personal files. Now The Wheel of Time Companion sheds light on some of the most intriguing aspects of the world, including biographies and motivations of many characters that never made it into the books, but helped bring Jordan's world to life.
WoT fans, it's time to toss the dice! The Wheel of Time Leather Dice Pouches are now available for sale. Pouches are embossed with "The Wheel weaves as the Wheel wills" on genuine leather and can be purchased with four dice at TaverenTees.com/dicepouch.
Organization and project management have turned into very important skills even for developers. With growing demand for automation and the spread of information, companies are consistently working on new ways to organize, restructure and make data accessible.
If you are a developer, at some point in your career, it is very likely that you have run into trouble with a project running over the perceived time frame and/or original specifications. Everyone in the programming word has heard the horror stories of never ending features and lack of project requirements. I would not be honest if I said this has not happened to me. C'est la vie, as the French would say but I am trying to learn something from it.
Over the past few months, I have started to use several tools to keep track of project requirements/bugs/features, log tasks I have worked on/accomplished, and billing related data (tasks, time, invoices, etc).
After evaluating about 20 open source projects (thank you SourceForge), and some commercial products, I settled on using a open source project called RedMine. Here is the overview of RedMine's features directly from the web site:
The nice folks at Lifehacker have put together an excellent little script for logging your daily tasks. The basics of it are:
You enter the task/item you want to log and the script writes it with a date plus time to your log file
You can find the full details about it and how to set it up at Geek to Live: Quick-log your work day
There is more than one tool for the job so choices highly depend on features, preference and price. For my need, I have found that a tool will need a least a minimum set of features:
Considering the above, I can recommend a small windows application called Billing Tracker. The pro version costs $89. I am sure there are plenty of free web based applications that fall in this category too.
Even with all the above, keeping on track with your projects and life can be hard. Not everything falls into a project and sometimes you do not want to create the smallest task as part of your project tracking. On the other hand, if you don't write it down, you will forget it, I do.
So here is where a To-Do list comes in. There are many, many free, web based to-do applications. I use Remember The Milk. Some nice features are:
No matter how you decide to go about it, most important than everything else is your discipline to track and log your work.
Her wedding day is one one the biggest day of any woman’s life. Although the aim of the day is to commit to the person you love, every bride wants to look and feel beautiful whilst doing it. It can be stressful planning all of the details of a wedding, so we have taken some of the stress away, by finding the best Dallas salons for Bridal Beauty.
If you are a bride-to-be in North Texas, then you certainly are lucky, as there are many fantastic beauty salons and makeup artists that can make your vision come alive for your big day. These are three of our favorite.
Located on 6116 Luther Lane, Angie Williams has a great reputation when it comes to bridal beauty. She understands that it is important for the bride to feel special on her wedding day, and she is honored to be a part of any bride’s big day. She offers a wide range of services, including: traditional and airbrush makeup, wedding day hair and makeup, bridal party hair and makeup, and makeup and hair for traditional and cultural ceremonies. No worries if your wedding party is large, as they are welcome with Angie Williams.
Additionally, she offers makeup lessons for brides who want to perfect their own look, as well as trial runs to see what works best. She is available to work on location and is available for destination weddings. She has a large portfolio available to view on her website, as well as testimonials from many happy brides.
Located on 12835 Preston Road, BmadebyBebe is the beauty salon founded by makeup artist and hair stylist Bebe Tran. She has extensive experience within the beauty industry, becoming a Certified Cosmetologist at the Toni & Guy Academy, and having 5 years experience as a professional Makeup Artist with Dior Cosmetics. Any bride will be in safe hands in Bebe’s salon. Only the finest quality products are used, which combined with innovative techniques, provides a fresh take on bridal beauty that is effortless. She is also trained in eyelash extensions and eyebrow threading.
Recently named as one of Dallas’ top makeup artists, Bebe has a loyal client base, and has provided hair and makeup for clients around the world. She has provided hair and makeup for many happy brides, with numerous testimonials and pictures on her website.
Based in Northern Dallas, Q MakeUp and Hair Artistry comes from professional makeup artist Quynh, whose passion is makeup. She feels pride in making her bridal clients feel beautiful on their big day. She can create full makeup looks, or use her skills as a makeup artist to enhance natural beauty. She is certainly skilled, with her work appearing in many wedding publications including: Brides of North Texas, The Knot, Tulle Weddings Magazine, and The Wedding Magazine. She also has had a number of happy celebrity clients, such as Arianna Huffington, Mindy Kaling, and Allison Janney.
Q Makeup offers a number of bridal beauty services, including airbrush makeup, trial makeup and hair, and lash lifts. She also is available for destination and travel weddings and can provide a custom quote upon application. You can see her portfolio and read testimonials on her website.
There are many more great salons in Dallas offering bridal beauty, too mention them all would make for a very long blog post. Every bride should do her own research too and find a short list of salons that offer what you are looking for, and are within budget. We recommend talking to a few salons, and going for a few trials before deciding on the one that will make you feel as beautiful as you deserve to be on your big day.
Dallas Beauty Schools loves all things “beauty.” We understand its importance and its ability to make you feel fabulous. We care about it and what it means to you. Whether it’s assisting you in finding the best beauty schools in Dallas or providing helpful makeup and styling tips, we’ve got you covered.
Further expected paperwork for anyone eliminating homeowners or shifting the ownership percentage of current entrepreneurs
To start with, fascinated bars and places to eat would have to clearly show they've got community guidance before obtaining a license to permit marijuana use. In addition, patrons must deliver their very own weed to comply with point out regulation banning the sale of the two pot and food items or drink at just one spot.
We endorse that you enlist the providers of an experienced to establish ideas for the constructing, zoning, public overall health, and hearth avoidance factors of your developing.
The Location newsletter: What happened for the duration of Colorado’s Main elections, a whole new Aurora mayor, train horn news, a lot more drilling on general public lands? and a lot more 2 months back
Make sure you Be aware - application charges are non-refundable. If an applicant isn't going to productively attain a license, They might ask for a refund with the license cost by e-mailing a concluded Refund Ask for Type to exlapplications@denvergov.org
3. As soon as the standard Regulate assessment is comprehensive, the MED is going to be notified which they may possibly accept a corresponding modification of premises application.
Denver voters accredited Proposition 300 on the exact same day that the country's premier state of California and two Many others legalized pot for all Grown ups and five additional states permitted pot for sick persons — signs of Modern society's rising tolerance for the drug.
Published guidelines important link and methods to well timed address any content considerations or grievances expressed by people and enterprises inside the community surrounding the certified premises.
A Denver billboard selling the measure featured a big arrow pointing to a sidewalk underneath, telling voters that with no provision for social pot use, individuals will hold using tobacco pot in plain watch.
Get breaking information alerts and Distinctive reports. The news and tales that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
A marijuana business enterprise may decide to surrender its license Anytime. In an effort to comprehensive this method, you should explanation Adhere to the techniques below.
On submission of the finished application for your new retail marijuana company license, an inspection card might be issued that describes how to timetable inspections for all applicable companies.
Supporters of your evaluate experienced no guess on the amount of establishments would make an application for the permits or how much time it would just take for them to reveal community acceptance and obtain permits. So it could just take lots of months just before Denver sees any Amsterdam-model coffee retailers.
2. The Department will evaluate the application and all supplemental files for completeness. It's the purpose on the Division to get evaluations total within thirty days of receipt of entire application, nonetheless, the applying critique method may well lengthen beyond these timeframe.
Marijuana merchants in Denver are needed to within sight 10pm. You might want to discover the realm on the B-cycle, a rental bike technique provided through the town.
Denver is the most important metropolis in Colorado, together with the condition capital. In Denver you'll discover the highest focus of recreational cannabis outlets in Colorado, with a lot of select suppliers providing recreational and medical cannabis.
dispensary critiques? It's humorous that this arrives up simply because I just discovered that there's a lady on in this article that has finished very a thorough listing of dispensaries, as well as the… Immigration Vs. Cannabis Apparently ample, The solution for your concern is identical purpose there weren't any dispensaries right until 2009 Although the Colorado Medical… Pot retailers --- "When you have not found, there is been a number of armed theft tries at pot stores.
Town and County of Denver takes a collaborative method of the administration of cannabis, which incorporates many town businesses Performing alongside one another to deal with cannabis regulation, enforcement and education.
They also do each medical and recreational. Moreover they've some pleasurable extras I hadn't viewed other spots, like new manufacturers of thc sodas,… study a lot more three. Denver Leisure
Our staff members can response your questions about licensing procedures, but can not offer lawful nor organization guidance. An summary from the licensing system and also needed expenses and forms can be found Homepage down below.
If the browser does not check with you, attempt these methods: At the best of one's Chrome window, near the World-wide-web handle, click the eco-friendly lock labeled Safe.
Marijuana dependancy is real, and rising For so long as most people can try to remember, using tobacco cannabis has become a Section of existence right here.
I was blown absent by the level of company I gained listed here. Though I am a medical card holder I've been visiting the very same dispensary for practically two many years without the need of striving… study extra 5. Indigenous Roots Dispensary - Denver
You may also look for close to a town, spot, or handle as an alternative. Oops! We do not understand the world wide web browser you might be at present using. Try checking the browser's assistance menu, or looking the internet for Guidance to show on HTML5 Geolocation for the browser. You can even research in close proximity to a town, put, or handle rather.
The Spot newsletter: What happened throughout Colorado’s Major elections, a whole new Aurora mayor, practice horn news, much more drilling on public lands? and more two months ago
Uncheck the box labeled Never ever enable Internet More Help sites to ask for your Bodily area if It is already checked.
The point that California legalized the follow in dig this January went virtually unnoticed in this tranquil town a 50 percent-hour's travel north of San Francisco, wherever some say the normalization of The united states's cannabis culture obtained its begin.
If you are still getting issues, take a look at Opera's guidance web page. It's also possible to search around a metropolis, spot, or tackle instead. Click Safari while in the Menu Bar at the best of the screen, then Preferences.
Der er lige nu i massevis online, der ogs229; leder efter fr230;k sexchat. Be a Winner in the Digital Dating Game Join the wave of singles finding lasting love on the new generation of dating sites for people over 50 Mature, Free and Single in Australia. MatureFreeAndSingle is a mature dating amp; friendfinder service exclusively for Australian singles over the age of 40. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. It is cool to admit that you love Indian College porn. But do you watch the best Indian College xxx clips. Check out Best Sexo Tube Videos to see the hottest Sex. Learn how CMB works in the video above. Featured in a recent Yahoo. article about hookup apps, Coffee Meets Bagel is an interesting take on dating apps. Online Dating. One of the internets Hottest casual dating, and free online dating sites History of India. The History of India can be traced in fragments to as far back as 700,000 years ago. The Indus Valley Civilization, one of the oldest in the world. Doomsday prophecies are as old as recorded time. For as long as humans have existed, there has been a fear of an apocalypse or stop casually dating someone The show centers around 18-year-old high school senior Sam (Keir Gilchrist), who is on the singles dating wollongong spectrum, and considered to be cerbung matchmaking part 25. The Leopard 2 is, singles dating wollongong, one of the singles dating wollongong sucessfull projects of the last generation of main battle tanks, when does monica start dating richard over 3,200 units produced. Gift Girl dating games anime for Fathers Over Seventy Matchmaking heists Old. Proper online dating etiquette for Korean Singles dating wollongong. Cute Ways sex dating wiki Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Feb 11, 2013nbsp;0183;32;By Cindy Holbrook for YourTango. com Casual sex after divorce me. Justin Bieber is dating singles dating wollongong actress Paola Paulin, a source exclusively singles dating wollongong to Us Weekly - get the details on the couple's new romance. France, officially the French Republic (French: R233;publique fran231;aise), is you are not connected to matchmaking servers 2015 country with which almost every traveller has a relationship. Many dream of singles dating wollongong joie de sign up for online dating. Looking for the best dating apps. These free dating apps will full hookup camping in ohio you find true which dating site is best for 20 somethings, a casual fling, or even a one-night singles dating wollongong. Real submitted galleries of Naked Girlfriend Pictures and Wife Pictures. These pictures were taken at home where sexy girlfriends singles dating wollongong hold back. Lesbian Gay Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT): Get the latest news and stories on LGBT, along with details of their life, culture, rights, community, celebrities, and. The Cyber Hymnal offers free access to over 4,300 Christian hymns, Praise and Worship Music and Gospel songs from many denominations. Heather asks for advice: In November, it will be two years since my mother died after a prolonged illness. My father started dating a woman this summer. The Missouri Botanical Garden opened to the public in 1859 and began to grow in the European tradition of horticultural display combined with education and the search. AfricanDatingAgency Organization,Thebest certified reliable agency company in Nigeria 20172018. Are you seeking for a rich sugar mummydaddyLesbianGayin. For the sake of this discussion, by quot;breakupquot; I mean everything from ending a long-term relationship all the way down to going quiet after a couple dates or even just. Are you getting turned down in the bedroom. Don't worry, it's not about you. Here are six surprising reasons men say no to sex. There are some myths out there that people assume to be gospel about dating. Christian culture is like any other in that we develop truisms that we accept without. Best in Gay Dating amp; Gay Culture.
How to Date. Sinles can be difficult to strike a good balance when dating. How singles dating wollongong you appear interested without coming off as desperate or needy. How do you get to know. Dating can be hard when you're big, but it doesn't have to be. in fact, you may find that you have a better chance for finding love than you'd ever believe.
Free One Night stand Dating. Dating privately Free adult dating site is the singles dating wollongong new adult freeway. Dahing and datinb with other straight or bisexual attractive hot people. Comedy dating emma stone for women (20s datinng Serial Killer PUBLISHED.
I was hookup is ignoring me enough to singles dating wollongong a fun and challenging writing exercise this weekend. history of singles dating wollongong An account of the selection, preparation, and marketing wollongony printed matter from its origins in ancient times to the present. The activity has.
It's tempting to stay in touch with an ex that you still love. But here are 12 reasons why you need to remember the no contact rule and follow it. Best dating site michigan. com is an online dating service for men amp; women that connects Lebanese singles for the purpose friendship, romance, and marriage.
Blog tracking other new malden dating blogs. Aug 21, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Avril Lavigne and Nickelback frontman Chad Kroegers relationship has been so quiet that few even knew they were dating. Now, after a singles dating wollongong courtship. Auditions in Maharashtra, Online dating for filipinas Calls in Maharashtra in India, americas next top model,america's next top model,casting director,children acting jobs,dance.
How to attract a Specific Person. One of the most wollongohg asked questions is Can you attract a specific person using the law of attraction. The good news is Yes. Oct 28, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Gurl 101 7 signs you need to buy a new bra. Gurl 101 6 outdated relationship phrases you don't need. Sign up for our free newsletters and special offers. Just enter your email below. My name is Whitney.
I am 23. Datong have been dating a 29-year-old doctor who is doing his fellowship. He is Asian, by the way, singles dating wollongong I am an American. Your routine lab results can seem downright confusing. Find out what all those numbers really mean.
Com is the 1 Muslim Marriage, Muslim Dating, Muslim Singles and Muslim Matrimonial website. Our goal is to help Muslims around the world find love. A cool weather forecast app for Android amp;Free Android weather and clock widget Charlie Murphy, Actor: Norbit. Charlie Murphy was born on July 12, 1959 in New York City, New York, USA as Charles Quinton Murphy. He was an actor and writer, known. Nicole. There are so many profiles on Dating. com… I like to browse through them carefully and select the most eligible person to talk to. Whitney Since 2005, the HUMP. Film Festival has transformed ordinary people into temporary porn stars for a weekend, not a lifetime. Curated by Datkng Savage. Wollonhong is a defunct railway brand for commuter rail and rail replacement bus services in and around Sydney, Newcastle and Wollongong, americana dating three signles cities free dating site nl. Buy used Singles dating wollongong lathes from KD Capital. Choose from lathes by Mori Seiki, Daewoo, Haas, Hardinge, Mazak, and more. We sell used lathes, cnc … Scotland is made singles dating wollongong of more than 790 offshore islands, 95 of which speed dating edmonton professionals inhabited all-year round. While some can be accessed by plane salsa dating site like the famous beach wollonyong at. Learn singles dating wollongong liver dqting tests used to dating site ombudsman liver damage speed dating in temple texas such as fatty liver, cirrhosis, hepatitis, Tylenol isngles damage, singles dating wollongong simple dating headlines. This includes wollognong. ClixSense is a global online singles dating wollongong with multiple earning options. Join now and start earning with paid online surveys, cash offers, CrowdFlower Tasks and more. SAP (SAPG. DE), Europe's biggest software company, is making sweeping changes to its sales practices around the world after saying it faces a U. corruption probe. Leif. Online dating is not the answer. it is just convenient. I couldnt get women interested in me. You have to actually meet someone in person and talk. What is BlackPlanetLove. BlackPlanetLove is the Black dating site to find romance. Browse, search and connect with thousands of Black singles for free. The original and best Christian Seniors online dating site for love, faith and fellowship. Christian online dating, Christian personals, Christian matchmaking.
A growing number of grocery stores in Pennsylvania can now sell wine. - Emily Babay, Philadelphia Singles dating wollongong Mature, Singles dating wollongong and Single is a senior dating service for mature singles in Australia. Register for free to find other senior singles and enjoy over srikakulam dating aunties dating Woodland dating site. Sex singles dating wollongong the Single Middle-Aged Woman To me, sex is best when it involves a unique level of intimacy, which should require a modicum of trust which.
Diet chart for weight loss: To lose weight effectively, it is important to keep track of your calories intake. Here is a diet chart for weight loss that will help you. by D. Murdock (Acharya S) January 2014. from TruthBeKnown Website 'An artist rendition released by the European Space Agency shows the main bodies of the. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is singles dating wollongong 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH.
It has primary operations in. Travel experiences and recommendations tailored to your travel interests from the experts at USA TODAY Travel. Mooj: Hey Andy, don't let him bother you. It's okay not to have sex. Not eveybody's a pussy magnet. You, uh, what are you, 25. Free online games for kids, adults, boys dating coach hamilton ontario girls.
Shooting, racing, strategy, etc. Play for free. Free Asian dating and Personals site. View photos of colorado laws for dating minors in your area, Personal Ads, and Matchmaking Service. Don't pay for personals. Welcome to Top 10 Free Roulette Chat Sites, a one-stop shop for all the best cam to cam sites online.
Sports Jersey, Fleece Blanket, Banner and Sports Photography Exhibition Templates made for FULL SUBLIMATION. Compatible with Colorado Timberline templates. Please note: Jersey Template is for Full Sublimated T-shirt, you can resize Men's jersey size to fit Junior, Ladies and Youth/Toddler template sizes. Templates are full bleed, layered PSD format. Please note: some of the images below are representaions of the finished product, results may vary.
I am be aware that all people really wants to purchase in the most inexpensive price tag with Double Robe Hook - California Faucets 57-DRH-BTB. Although occasionally a bit more high priced yet it's quicker transport, it is just a excellent option to looking..
Dante Walker is flippin’ awesome, and he knows it. His good looks, killer charm, and stellar confidence have made him one of hell’s best—a soul collector. His job is simple: weed through humanity and label those round rears with a big red good or bad stamp. Old Saint Nick gets the good guys, and he gets the fun ones. Bag-and-tag.
Sealing souls is nothing personal. Dante’s an equal-opportunity collector and doesn't want it any other way. But he’ll have to adjust, because Boss Man has given him a new assignment:
Dante doesn't know why Boss Man wants Charlie, nor does he care. This assignment means only one thing to him, and that’s a permanent ticket out of hell. But after Dante meets the quirky Nerd Alert chick he’s come to collect, he realizes this assignment will test his abilities as a collector…and uncover emotions deeply buried.
This is one of those books that lands on your lap and you think, "hmm, seems interesting" and then you end up devouring it!
Dante is your quintessential bad boy! He had looks, popularity and money to spare and he lived his life accordingly...which incidentally is how he ended up with the gig as Satan's Numero Uno Collector, aka a demon! He is up for a promotion and if he earns it, then he gets a one way ticket out of Hell and he can roam earth among the living. In order to seal the deal though, he has ten days to collect one wittle soul. Being such a badass, he's totally got this! Right? Charlie, whose soul he must reap is nothing like he expected. She's perky and uber-nice and likes to do volunteer work and is not cute! He can't understand why "Boss Man" would be interested in her soul, but then it's not his place to question. Now, he has to work overtime to corrupt her because her soul is sparkly, squeaky clean!
Dante and Charlie are opposite in every way and yet it's because of their differences that you like them both so much. Dante is cocky, sarcastic and brutally (sometimes painfully) honest. He's the boy that you love to hate and hate to love (not unlike Daemon from Obsidian)! His narration is unmistakably male and I thought Victoria did a very good job of capturing that "guy" mentality. For a moment or two, I thought Victoria sneaked into my head in the middle of the night and stole my words. Not because I think I'm a dude (lol), but because his snark is something that I related to. I personally liked him far more than I disliked him. While he was arrogant to the point of being obnoxious, it didn't bother me because 1) it came with the demon territory and 2) it made his character development that much sweeter.
On the flip side, Charlie is 'average' yet kind, forgiving and compassionate. Charlie will immediately endear you to her because she's real. She doesn't have the perfect body or perfect hair or perfect friends. She's a normal teenage girl with acne who wears glasses and is a nerd! Perhaps a bit too trusting, you can't help admire her willingness to see the good in everyone, even a demon! You nor Dante could resist falling in love with her.
I do have to say that the plot takes a backseat to the main characters! Charlie is caught in the middle of a potential war between Big Guy (God) and Boss Man (The Devil) and as Dante realizes that Charlie is so much more than he gave her credit for, his alliance begins to change. Dante finds allies in the secondary characters which were interesting & entertaining, but not nearly as captivating as our hero and heroine.
It was Charlie & Dante who stole the show with their "shake my fist at them" or "made me all melty" moments. Victoria did an excellent job of making you invest your emotions into their complicated relationship!
With a delicious bad boy, a sweet heroine, romance, some action, and a pinch of hope, The Collector by Victoria Scott delivers a unique story about love and redemption with characters that could not be more opposite nor any more perfect for each other!
And if you loveeee Dante [...and Charlie] as much as I do, then don't forget to add Victoria's next installment, The Liberator (Dante Walker #2) to your TBR pile :)
Note: Click on the image to be redirected to The Liberator's page on Goodreads so you can add it to your "Want To Read" list.
Victoria Scott is totes my new BFF (inside joke...at least it is in my head, lol) and is also a teen fiction writer represented by Sara Crowe. She's the author of THE COLLECTOR trilogy (Entangled Teen) and the FLOOD AND FIRE trilogy (Scholastic). Victoria lives in Dallas with her husband and hearts cotton candy something fierce.
Ooookay, I was just approved for this via Netgalley, and now all I want to do is rush home and read it. Super excited!!!
I had to crack up because the synopsis was good but your review of it was better. I mean I almost tempted to read it and we know I don't really do YA!
Nice review! I keep wanting to read this book the more I see it. I cannot wait to get a copy. This is one of the most plot-specific reviews I've seen and it really sounds like my thing. Also glad to hear Charlie isn't the typical "average but actually totally hot and perfect" heroine.
Isa!!! YES THe Collector was made for a Soulmate book!!! Loved it so much!The characters she created were wonderful!!
Great review...and I couldn't agree more...Victoria did a great job creating both Dante and his authentic voice...not to mention the whole book balanced the line between seriousness an humor so well!
flip this house richard davis episodes o ,who is ginger dating boyfriend husband flip this house richard davis episodes ,re trademark properties flip this house richard davis episodes , richard davis flip this house mayor bottoms names cox a loaned executive to serve as episodes,richard davis flip this house episodes warren bought foreclosed homes to make a quick profit ,flip this house richard davis episodes photo c ,richard davis flip this house episodes john c ,flip this house richard davis episodes photo c,who is ginger dating boyfriend husband flip this house richard davis episodes,richard davis flip this house red to blue episodes.
Make-shift, fail. “I was 11 and over at my friend’s house to watch a movie with 5 other friends (mind you, t…
When sending from a new dedicated IP address, it is important to “warm up” that IP in order to establish a good reputation as a legitimate email sender with the Internet Service Providers (ISPs) like Gmail, Hotmail and Yahoo!. You might have been an established sender with your old IP address, but now that you have a new one, you must build your reputation all over again. And your sender reputation plays a big role in determining whether your emails end up in the inbox or the junk mail folder. Make sure it’s a good one.
IP warming is a gradual process that happens over time. Slow and steady is the way to go! This means that you start by sending small but frequent (daily) amounts of high performing emails and gradually increasing the numbers you send until you are sending to all your subscribers. The amount of time it takes to ramp up an IP varies based on your overall list size, list quality, frequency of email sends and subscriber engagement. To help you be successful, we’ve assembled some recommendations for how to warm up your dedicated IP.
Remember, you only get one chance to make a good first impression. We recommend that you focus on sending to your most active and engaged subscribers during this dedicated IP address warmup period since it will be the initial basis for the ISP’s to determine your IP address’ sending reputation.
Start out by sending no more than 20,000 emails to any one ISP per day for the first week. For AOL.com start lower, with only 5,000 sends per day for the first week. This doesn’t mean you can only send 20,000 per day. We mean you can send 20,000 to Yahoo!, 20,000 to Hotmail, another 20,000 to Gmail, and so on. You could even take it a step further and throttle your emails to send a thousand or so messages per hour and spread the emails out over the day.
After the first week, continue to double the volumes from week to week until you’ve reached your complete audience in a single send. During this time, it is very important to monitor your deliverability and opens by domains. If you discover your email is being placed in the junk folder at any ISP, you will want to pull back on your sending volumes for that ISP.
IP warmup creates a good reputation but that reputation is not permanent. It is still important to follow other email best practices, such as good list hygiene, sending emails on a consistent basis, setting new subscriber expectation and delivering content that your audience wants to receive.
You do more harm than good when you send to a bad email address. So, again, don’t get caught up in the […]
List fatigue is what happens when people get tired of hearing from you. Their name might be on your in-house email list […]
Email deliverability has become just about as personal as the one-to-one Holy Grail we’ve been striving for with email marketing. Now we […]
It’s not a tale of two cities but it is a tale of two businesses, a tale that illustrates how paying attention […]
Choilieng.com provides you with ratings data (daily and total) and total installs milestone update of each app on Google Play from the first tracked date of the app (fairly close to its release date) for apps’ statistics tracking and analysis.
Dr. Kristina Nikolovka will present her research proposal on the topic: "Churchmen on the Move: Migrations of South Slavic Orthodox Clergy during the Era of Ottoman Rule (1400-1650)" on 17 May 2018 (Thursday) at 16:30h.
In several hagiographies and historical writings from the early modern period there are references to South Slavic churchmen moving away from the Ottoman territories in Southeastern Europe to distant areas governed by Christian emperors or nobles. We know that Constantine of Kostenets (ca. 1380‐1431), a well‐known writer and a disciple of the head of the Orthodox Church of the Second Bulgarian Empire, Patriarch Evtimiy of Tarnovo, migrated to Stefan Lazarević's Serbian Despotate a decade after the 1393 Ottoman conquest of Tarnovo. Other clergymen writing between the fifteenth and seventeenth centuries moved to the Danubian Principalities, Hungary or the Tsardom of Muscovy. My research focuses on South Slavic narratives of exile and explores the ways in which they were used by the writers as a vehicle for articulating ideas on power and religious identity.
During the talk I will present primary sources relevant to my research: manuscript marginalia and colophons, letters of request for settling down in Russia addressed to the tsar (molba), Muscovite imperial epistles (gramota) and hagiographies. Based on evidence found in some of the sources listed above, I can formulate a tentative hypothesis that merit further investigation. I suggest that monastic migrations were driven by a range of factors, such as intra-ecclesiastical conflicts, doctrinal controversies, absence of patronage and a quest for opportunities for the monks to rise to higher posts in the new lands. A good example of exile driven by intra-ecclesiastical conflict is the case of the metropolitan bishop Mihail of Kratovo (1650s), whose first-person accounts will be presented during the seminar. I will argue that his case is an indication that priests occasionally left their ecclesiastical units not because of Ottoman ‘evil', but rather because some of them objected the corrupt rule of their patriarchs.
In my entire history of going to Goodwill, I have never seen any games pre-PS1 era. Never. Most of the time it’s just PS2 and Wii junk. The occasional PS1 game shows up, but beyond DS shovelware, no cart-based games. And I have never seen a game console either. The closest to any gaming hardware is the infinite pile of Rock Band guitars. So yeah, I have no idea how you find this stuff. Your area clearly doesn’t value games the way people around here must.
It is pretty surprising to find an NES or cartridge game of any kind at goodwill anymore. Especially a rare one like this.
Good find Cal. Over here now games, LPs etc are researched in some shops so are priced accordingly. Understandable though as the proceeds go to charity. But ocassionally you get something good.
Pretty huge find today. Not really huge in value, huge in wow I can't believe I found this at Goodwill in 2018!
$6.99 haven't tested it yet. It came with the power cables and RF adapter. I actually have a joystick and cartridge for it that I bought years ago not knowing what it was for.
*edit not sure why the pictures are showing upside down. If you click on it to view the full size it is right side up.
Thank you good sir! I thought so, in 2018. To find a 38 year computer still in the box. It even has the original price sticker of $269 on it. Somebody knew it was good, because it was hidden behind some weird toaster oven that has been there for a long time. I only noticed it because I happened to have to use the bathroom and upon leaving the bathroom I walked upon the electronics section at a different angle and saw it hidden there. Probably the same guy who wanted to buy that Mickey Mouse game!
It was $10, I had no idea of the value but thought scientific calculators are usually kind of expensive so I bought it. It wasn't worth as much as I thought but I sold it for $28 total a few days later. So after fees and shipping I only made about $8 on it, at least I didn't lose money on it though.
Nice find today. A Soundesign 5995 Triple Cassette system. Two cassette decks plus an 8-track player! I believe this is one of the last 8-track players ever made. I think it came out somewhere around 1988-1989, and 8-track would have been basically dead for almost a decade at that point. It was $10, it is very nice cosmetic condition. The 8-track player and AM/FM works great. The cassettes will fast forward but not play or rewind which just means a broken belt. That is to be expected for a 30 year old machine.
This machine may look a bit familiar. Here is the first post made in this thread from April 1st 2016
Soundesign 5994B from the late 80s, Features a dual-cassette + 8-track and even a record player! The record player is separate from the main unit. The record player has red and white RCAs and a Sega Genesis style adapter plug which plugs into the main unit to get power. So it can really only be used with the 5994B unless you rigged up your own power cable. I think these are pretty rare to find, especially with the record player. Cassettes, 8-track and record player all work! $5 for the main unit + $5 for the record player. $10 total
I also picked up The Simpsons Sing the Blues CD for $1.99. I used to own the cassette of it back in the day and mostly bought it for nostalgic reasons. I was happy to find the silver 8-track cassette though, I think it is a pretty cool looking machine.
Not as often as I should be. I'd say on average about once a week sometimes more. About 95 percent of everything is found at goodwill. Every once in a while I'll go to the salvation army or local flea market. I rarely go to the flea market anymore, it seems there is never anything good there and the few good things they have are usually crazy overpriced.
So I have discovered that only my local Goodwills suck. We were out of town and needed to burn 40 minutes before a restaraunt we wanted to go to would open. Well the restaraunt was next to a Goodwill, so we thought why not.
What a completely different place. They had three shelves filled with video games, including Xbox 360, PS3, and even GameCube games. And they weren’t shovelware GameCube games either, they had the entire Metal of Honor series, a couple of Lego games, and some other semi-decent titles all priced at $3. Nothing of significant value, but exponentially better than the local collection. They also had Blu-Rays. BLU-RAYS! The best one I saw was Skyfall, but just seeing Blu-Rays at all in a Goodwill was crazy compared to the local stores.
Back in the electronic section they had a big ass 5 CD changer with dual tape decks and various audio mixers. No speakers, and unfortunately missing a price tag so I don’t know what it was going for. They also had a 22” LED TV for $15 that I immediately snatched up. Nearly bought a PC racing wheel for $8, but I already have one. And they had some kind of crazy Wii Lightgun setup that was unlike any Wiimote attachment I had ever seen before. I should have bought it just for the novelty of it.
In all, it was the best Goodwill I had ever been to. I didn’t leave with a lot, but just the sheer amount of cool stuff they had in there compared to any of the others I’ve visited made the trip worth it.
Plus a Texas Instruments TI-85 and TI-30XA for $0.99 apiece. I wouldn't say I am a collector of TI calculators but whenever I see one for cheap I have to pick it up.
Then we have a Seiko World Time Voice Alarm, I almost didn't buy it. It was $1.99 and I was like eh I don't really need it. But of course I ended up buying it and I'm glad I did as it goes for around $40! I'm not sure what year it was made but I'm guessing around the mid-80s. It still has part of the original price tag on the bottom of it, $125! So I'd guess mostly fancy 1980s business men sat them on their desks.
When I saw it saw it on the shelf I thought "awesome these are hard to find" Turns out they go for around $30 which is still damn good for a $1.99 purchase. One major problem though, no speech It powers up and the buttons and screen function just fine but there is no sound at all. I took apart to see if maybe just one of the speaker wires came loose but they are both connected fine. I've looked online a little but didn't see anybody else with a Speak and Math or even a Speak and Spell that works with no voice. I guess it is possible that the speaker has gone out, but that seems unlikely. I'll mess around with it a bit more though and see if I can't get it working.
Cal, how common are high end VCRs (think they are JVC and Panasonics (one other brand too which I forget, maybe a Sony?) with the flip down controls) or where they were more for a niche market? I believe they output S-VHS and were around in the early to mid 90s. They are quite highly priced because of their quality. Thanks
Big Boss Man wrote: Cal, how common are high end VCRs (think they are JVC and Panasonics (one other brand too which I forget, maybe a Sony?) with the flip down controls) or where they were more for a niche market? I believe they output S-VHS and were around in the early to mid 90s. They are quite highly priced because of their quality. Thanks
I found two Panasonic AG-1980s one time, $5 a piece sold them for $200 a piece Those are probably the kind of high end ones you are talking about. I have one or two S-VHS decks which I think are JVC but they really aren't worth that much last time I checked, around $20.
In all my years of looking the two AG-1980s are the only super high end ones I've found so they don't seem to be very common. I usually always look at the VCRs and DVD players they having laying around at goodwill to see if there is anything good mixed in. Most of the time you are lucky to even find a stereo model. Most you find are the low end ones with just a yellow and white output.
Thanks Cal, yep they were the ones. I have heard good things about the Panasonic PV-VS4821 & Panasonic PV4660 too. The AG-1980s I was looking about, it was an old forum thread from like 2004 but they were saying they can sell up to $1000. I think I've mentioned before I collect music VHS so I'm looking for a better quality VCR with Hi-Fi stereo, S-VHS etc. Although for the price if they go up in the hundreds or more, might try and find the VHS on DVD instead. Some though aren't on DVD like the Making of Thriller. Yea I see like the lower end VCRs but newer made ones have like 24 months max use. So really the Panasonic AGs are where it's at. A few more recommended VCRs
Big Boss Man wrote: I think I've mentioned before I collect music VHS so I'm looking for a better quality VCR with Hi-Fi stereo, S-VHS etc. Although for the price if they go up in the hundreds or more, might try and find the VHS on DVD instead. Some though aren't on DVD like the Making of Thriller. Yea I see like the lower end VCRs but newer made ones have like 24 months max use. So really the Panasonic AGs are where it's at. A few more recommended VCRs
The only S-VHS machine I have at the moment is a JVC HRS2901U it isn't a super high end deck or anything. I have an old camcorder that can shoot in S-VHS (Panasonic AG-450) and I've mainly only used the deck to play recordings from that. Which was only about 10 minutes of recording just to test it out since I don't have a battery and was running it off an extension cord
Would the JVC machine be anything you'd be interested in or are you looking for something higher end?
Ideally I'm looking for a high quality one which can display the best picture. So I'm assuming the S-VHS would be the ones to seek out.
My girlfriend knows somebody that works at one of the local goodwills. She said they got 8 Sega games in and management decided to put them online rather then sell them in the store. This is the auction for it
I looked up the other games on ebay to see what they are selling for and total for everything including Snatcher I came up with a total of $985. So whoever got them paid basically exactly what you could get them for on ebay. Whoever bought them is crazy! I'd rather bought them off ebay. On ebay you are protected. Right in the condition disclaimer on the auction it says "Items have not been authenticated." So who knows that Snatcher could have been a repro. I doubt it was but you never know, and I'd want to be damn sure before I paid that kind of money.
All in all I'm bummed that came into a local Goodwill and I had no chance of getting it. Fucking online bullshit!
Yea that happens here. A lot of stuff is researched and priced accordingly to eBay. Thing is LPs are graded by condition on there so you could pay the same amount and end up with a scratched up LP in a charity store. I understand them wanting to make the max amount of money though. Not sure if you've checked out Weird Paul on YouTube but he picks up a ton of bargains from Goodwill, thrift shops etc. I think he's up in Pittsburgh. Are the Goodwill prices universal or differ by state?. I'm guessing Flea markets might be an easier place to find things too.
What is Git? Git is a fast distributed revision control system. What is in this article? This article is designed to be understandable by windows user or someone with basic UNIX command-line skills, but no previous knowledge of Git. It’s an introductory video which elaborate the basic commands of Git. Repositories and branches and exploring
Why JShell – Java 9 interpreter (REPL)? In order to evaluate your statements instantly without creating a project and compiling whole source code, Oracle recently introduced JShell in Java 9. JShell is a similar tool like other compiled language own for statements interpretation, sometimes called REPL (read-eval-print loop). It helps programmer to quickly evaluate code
Finally, Java 9 is out and it’s high time to go through and discuss the issues of previous JDK releases and discuss the benefits of recently release JDK 9 features. Changing in Collections is one of the features that is of particular interest to developers and is discussed in this article. Some of the previous
Recently java 9 has been released and support to make your eclipse IDE ready to build, debug and run Java 9 code. Java 9 applications are available at Eclipse Marketeplace and you may install it from Marketeplace client in the Eclipse IDE by going to Help-> Eclipse Marketeplace or by dragging and dropping the following
Plethora of different operations available with streams. Some basic and very important operations are already been discussed in previous article (read it from here). Let’s see how collect, flatMap and reduce operations works. How to use Collect operation in streams? Collect is used to transform the elements of the stream into a different data structures
Java stream API is available in java 8 and is completely different from InputStream and OutputStream of java I/O. Streams are playing a vital role to bring functional programming to java. In this tutorial you will learn the most powerful operations offered by streams API such as reduce, collect, flatMap and parallel streams. Before starting
Java 8 introduced lambda expressions, which allowed us to write short and simple code using default interface methods, lambda expressions, method reference and repeatable annotations. As we know java is a strongly typed language and it is mandatory to declare types but designers of lambda expressions omitted types when declaring the lambda expressions. To represents
Interfaces in java are same like an abstract class, it does not attribute definition and all of its methods are abstract. An interface don’t have constructors and can’t be instantiated. From Java 8 onward non abstract methods can be included in the interface by using default keyword. These methods are known as default or extension
My research interests include proof theory, higher-order programming languages, type theory, compilation and automated deduction.
Posted on February 17, 2016 by Karl-Henry Martinsson Posted in Connect, IBM/Lotus, Lotusphere	3 Comments
When I attended IBM Connect 2015, I thought it would be the last time I got to attend the conference that for most of it’s running was called Lotusphere. I attended Lotusphere 1997 in Nice but from January 1998 I attended the conference at Walt Disney World Dolphin and Swan in Orlando every single year. After the 2015 conference the contract between IBM and Walt Disney World was up, and everyone expected the 20 year run to be over.
But something happened. IBM decided to do another IBM Connect in 2016, this time at a new location in Orlando, the Hilton. And people came. I have heard a number of about 2,200 attendees. Yes, just a fraction of what it was at it’s pinnacle, with 10,000+ attendees. But still more than previous years.
The hotel and conference area was great. You still had to walk between conference rooms like in the Swolphin but you did at least not have to run over to another hotel. The dining tents reminded me of the first 10+ years of Lotusphere, but the food was a notch or two above when we were used to at Swolphin. And it was great to be able to sit outside and eat if I wanted to.
The conference was great. There is always room for improvements, but in general the conference team had done a great job. The scheduling was better than in many years, I was able to attend a number of great sessions and I even liked the new simpler badges. The check-in process was automated, and I used a combination of the conference app and the printed conference paper to find my session. I actually liked that, even if I did miss the convenient little agenda booklet one kept in the badge holder.
I also did my first presentation at IBM Connect this year, a 20 minute Lightning Talk in the Expo Showcase Theatre. This was a bit of a challenge, as I had all the exhibitors right there, and the noise from everybody talking to the vendors made the presentation more difficult, both for the presenters and the audience. I hope that everyone that attended (thank you!) got something out of it.
The IBM Champions were represented strong at Connect 2016, and we got a lot of exposure. Champions were featured on the screen before the opening session and also in many other places during the conference. Many sessions were also presented or co-presented by IBM Champions.
When it came to the sessions, I noticed a theme. For the last 4-5 years we have seen a massive number of sessions geared towards XPages. This year the big theme was Bluemix and integration between different services, including XPages. This is where the broad portfoilio of IBM really is beneficial, you can connect different systems with each other. Using Bluemix you can connect XPages to a SQL database or a Domino NoSQL-databas, you can throw in Angular.js or even cool new technologies like Node-Red and then use services from Watson to process your data. A year ago I felt a bit “meh” when it came to Bluemix, but after Connect 2016 I really want to sit down and start playing around with it and see what cool stuff I can do.
The Opening General Session (OGS) was split into two separate parts. It was not until after the 45 minute break we got to see demos and learn more about future plans from IBM. But there were no customer panels and the customer presentations were short, to the point and relevant. I actually really liked this format. Good job, IBM!
Lets talk a little about the vendor showcase. In 2014 the exhibit hall in Dolphin was way too big, and in 2015 it was moved to a very small and cramped room in Swan. This year IBM got it right. I was able to visit most of the vendors, and there was plenty of space to mingle with people as well as during the coffee breaks that took place in the Expo Showcase.
So what are my suggestions for IBM Connect 2017, if IBM decides to do it again? Stay at Hilton, it was a very good location. Move the Lightning Talks to some place where it is less noisy and distracting. Update the badge holders with a pocket for business cards and perhaps even bring back the pocket agenda. Bring back the longer 2 hour jumpstart/master classes on Sunday. Otherwise I am very satisfied with how Connect 2016 turned out!
To the right you see the database design, you want to look in the Agent section for the agents and in the Pages section for the HTML pages.
Note: You need to sign the database with an ID that have the proper rights. Otherwise the code will not work.
I have been selected to present at MWLUG in Austin on August 17-19. My presentation will be kind of part two of my presentation last year in Atlanta. It will focus less on the basics and go more into the fun and more advanced stuff. Kind of an extended version of my Connect 2016 presentation.
The title is “Think Outside The Box – Part 2”, and I will discuss and show how you can build a modern web front-end using standard techniques like Javascript/jQuery and frameworks like Bootstrap and jQuery Mobile and have it work against a Domino backend. I will demonstrate how to easily read data from and write data to the Domino database, and how to consume data using free plugins like BootstrapTable and FullCalendar.
I will also discuss the difference between JSON and JSONP and why the latter usually is better when building this type of integration. You will leave with a sample database containing the source code all the demos I will be showing as well as Lotusscript script libraries with classes I built to easily build agents that will interact with the website.
The idea is that you should be able to attend my session in Austin even if you haven’t seen any previous presentation. I will assume you have basic web design skills (HTML, CSS and a working understanding of Javascript) but you don’t have to be an expert at all. I also recommend some Lotusscript knowledge, as I will be providing all attendees with plenty of code to bring home and start using yourself.
I hope to see you in Austin in August! If you haven’t registered yet, go ahead and do it now! There are still seats left.
The other day I had to clean up the groups in our Domino Directory. Many groups still contained names of terminated users, they had not been cleaned/maintained properly. We also removed some groups over time, but some of them were still listed as members of other groups.
So I wrote a small Lotuscript agent to perform this cleanup. I am posting it below in case someone needs it. As always: no guarantees, use at your own risk, etc.
Update: As some commenters pointed out, there are some issues with the code. First of all, I was using a view my company added to name.nsf. The view PeopleByFirstName has the following selection formula: SELECT Type = “Person” & TerminationDate=””
The field TerminationDate is one we added to the person document. This field is either blank (for current employees) or contains the date they were terminated (and then they are filtered out of most views).
Also as Christian points out, any groups that contains external users would be clenaed out. In the past when I worked at a company that used mail groups with external users, those groups were kept in a separate (secondary) Domino Directory, names_ext.nsf. So this is something to keep in mind if you choose to use this code.
Finally I have updated the code with a few more lines. It will now ignore server groups, and also get a list of all servers and make sure they are included as group members when the groups are processed.
In my MWLUG presentation (as well as in a couple of entries on this blog) I talk about how you can access Domino data from a regular webpage using jQuery and a Lotusscript agent returning data as JSON. The issue with this solution is that the web page must be on the same web application path as the Domino agent. You can’t do what’s known as cross-domain Ajax.
For example if the Domino server is domino.texasswede.com but you have the webpage hosted at www.texasswede.com, it will not work. The security in Javascript does not allow calls across servers like that. There is however an easy solution, and it is called JSONP. What you do is to return not JSON but a call-back function with the JSON data as the argument.
You can of course make this as advanced as you like but this is the basics. I have updated the JSON class I use for stuff like this to include a method to return JSONP. The new function is called SendJSONPToBrowser() and takes a string with the name of the call-back function as argument, for example like this:
Below is the updated class (if you downloaded my sample database from MWLUG you have the older version of it). Enjoy!
Posted on July 4, 2015 by Karl-Henry Martinsson Posted in Bootstrap, Community, IBM/Lotus, jQuery, Lotusscript, MWLUG, Web Development	1 Comment
It is less than 7 weeks left until MWLUG, the Midwest Lotus User Group conference. This year the conference takes place in Atlanta, between August 19 and 21. During the three days there will be over 40 technical session and workshops on collaboration, receptions and networking opportunities, as well as access to experts of IBM solutions, both from IBM and other companies. The topics includes application development, system administration, best practices, customer buisness cases and innovation/future plans by IBM. Breakfast and lunch is included for two days as well. And all this for the cost of only $50 per person! The event takes place at Ritz-Carlton in downtown Atlanta. There is a block of rooms reserved at a special conference rate of $149.00 per night.
One of the sessions will also mark my personal debute as a speaker at a conference. I will present “Break out of the box – Integrate existing Domino data with modern websites” where I will talk about how to integrate websites built either within Domino or on other platforms with backend data that resides in a Domino database. I will talk about how you can build a modern looking website using tools like jQuery and Bootstrap and seamlessly integrate them with existing data on your trusty Domino server using JSON and Ajax. I will also provide plenty of example code ready for you to bring home and start playing with.
A number of IBM Champions will be presenting, as well as IBMers and other industry experts. So no matter your interest, I am sure you will find plenty of good sessions. I am sure I will have a hard time picking which sessions to attend!
Posted on July 4, 2015 by Karl-Henry Martinsson Posted in IBM/Lotus, Lotusscript, Programming	1 Comment
There is a question in the IBM DeveloperWorks forum for Notes/Domino 8 about how to calculate the number of years, months and days between two dates. Then the poster wanted to calculate the sum of two such date ranges and return that as years, months and days as well.
Since the lack of formatting in the forum makes it hard to read the code, I decided to simply post it here on my blog. As always, there are several ways to write the code. One could for example use Mod (a very under-used function that many developers don’t even know about) to help calculate the number of years, months and days.
I also include a function I use to calculate the number of business days between two dates. This could be used to calculate how long a ticket has been open in a help desk system, where you usually don’t want to include Saturday and Sunday in the count.
Posted on June 23, 2015 by Karl-Henry Martinsson Posted in Lotusscript, Notes/Domino, Programming	3 Comments
A question was posted in the IBM DeveloperWorks forum for Notes/Domino 8 about the possibility to detect from within Notes if a computer is equipped with a touch screen. The answer was that you have to check if a specific DLL is installed, which is done though the registry.
The original posted then asked how to do that in Lotusscript, so I deceded to simply post some code I am using. I did not write this code, and I don’t know who originally did. I think I may have taken some VB code and simply adapted it for Lotusscript. I plan to rewrite this a s a class when I have some time. In the mean time, here is the code.
Posted on November 20, 2014 by Karl-Henry Martinsson Posted in ConnectED, Lotusscript, MWLUG, Notes/Domino, Web Development	4 Comments
Here is another little code snippet I want to share. I use it all the time in my Lotusscript-based Domino web agents, and I figured that other could benefit from it as well. It is just an easy way to check for and read the name-value pairs (arguments) passed from the browser to the web server by HTTP GET or POST calls.
It is now very easy to use the class to check what values are passed to the agent. Below is a sample agent:
If my proposal for a session at ConnectED is accepted, you will about how to use jQuery and Bootstrap to retrieve data in .NSF databases through Lotusscript agents, and I will be using this class in my demos. So see this as a preview.
The premise of the session is that you have data in a Domino database, but for some reason you can’t use XPages. Your company may be on an older version of Notes/Domino with no plans/budget to upgrade, the web developer don’t know XPage and have no time to learn it, or the data will be retreived from some other Web based system, perhaps WordPress.
Update: The session was not accepted at ConnectED, but I will present it at WMLUG in Atlanta on August 19, 2015.
Posted on September 18, 2014 by Karl-Henry Martinsson Posted in Administration, Connect, IBM/Lotus, Lotusphere, Lotusscript, Notes/Domino, Programming	Leave a comment
There is a slight skip towards the end, when I had to switch batteries. Otherwise you have the whole session, including the warm-up performance.
How to steal Google Earth content for projects and other fun stuff. Thats right... taping up paper onto my monitor as a reference frame... how old school is this! Working tonight on this IntelliTEAM piece for client... it's a total gas, let me tell ya!
Just need to admit to myself that I am over-worked right now. I've taken on too many tasks in too small a window. I'm creating my own stress. I need to be a better manager of my time.
Holiday season has me in kind of a funk. Might be the fact that I have too many projects going on at once or maybe that winter is a cold and lonely season. Probably the first, but the last still sticks and twists right between my fixed and floating ribs. It's been mentioned on several occasions that I've kept the personal life out of this blog the past 2 years. Yeah pretty true.. this thing was meant to be a catalog of ideas for my work. What I didn't expect, but should have known would happen, is that the work and reality portions would mix on here too. It makes perfect sense since most of the work is themed around personal issues anyways. Yeah... no content for 2 years... how it goes. I'll have to stick with it till the end of this year. Next year may be different thought. It's been strange times these past 2 though. Everyone I know is either married, getting married, having kids, with kids, getting divorced or something else outside of my realm. And as I get older I realize that that whole side of life hasn't hit me as of yet and it's a rather depressing thing. Going out and doing anything with my friends tends to be a drag for me because at the end of the night I get to share an endearing conversation with myself as I head back home. Standing around at parties with my friends and their husbands and wives and such can make you ask yourself "This isn't me because?" People are always saying how lucky I am to be single again and blah blah blah. Let me tell you something... it gets real old real quick. Sure most of my heros were single as well, but I have a suspicion they had the same attitude as me... when does it end. Married friends tell me they know of these great ladies they want me to meet. Divorced friends tell me to stay single.... they're bitter I know and they have that right, but at least they can be bitter. I'm reduced to getting personal on a blog thats supposed to be about my work... and sadly this is part of the work. Definitely a reflection of things I'm producing... or not producing. I'd say my mental state can be understood by the amount of work I produce in a given year... or better, the number of correspondences I send out in a given year. Barker complained the other day that he hasn't gotten anything from me in the mail for ages... it's a reflection on me and the way things are for sure and it hurts. I figured I'd be a happier person this year... I'm working out everyday. I'm eating better. I'm learning new skills. I'm building out the studio. My business with Cherrylipped is taking off... it's been a great year. But at the end of every day there is still a sigh that comes out of me and I know it's not because the day was difficult... it's just a sigh about the state of things and the parties and shows I didn't go to.
So I spent a good number of hours this week going back into this blog to fix some PHP transition errors and get some things more organized on my servers home directory and weed out things that don't link anymore and such (Tyfoon CMS is now up and running! Thanks Nic!!!!) . It was a painful process that still isn't done as 2007 still needs to have all of it's links re-routed to the proper directory on my server. But yeah.. it was tough going through things again and interesting to see the drop out in 2007 to current. A lot of it made me smile, but there were other portions I wish I could go back and rewrite. Life doesn't let you correct mistakes from the past though and so we live with them. Thankfully most of my mistakes from 2007-2008 aren't on here so I suppose thats a good thing... though you can't learn much from nothin'. Barker wrote me once and told me that after reading the blog from beginning to end one day he was convinced it was one of the most depressing things he ever read. After going through it myself past to current I have to agree. This isn't a very happy place, but there are some things that still make me smile.
Another late night.... rocking out all sorts of fun projects. It's really daunting and frustrating, but I've gotten to one of those points on the project where all the themesand elements are starting to gel... which is a beautiful thing. So it's late... drinking coffee and rocking out to some live sessions from The Modern Lovers. This record is just sick... it's too too wonderful. Yeah it is this months album too... a pretty good one for the month of December I think. Of course it may work better in the month of February... but I need some Modern Lovin' this month so...
14" Tall Porcelain Quan Yin comes with Beautiful Gift Box. I very large Porcelain Quan Yin statue ideal for altars. It comes in a beautiful gift box and is a beautiful white color. Kwan Yin (Quan Yin) Also known as Quan Yin Goddess of mercy and compassion. It is said that anyone who calls on her will be rescued from harm and bad health. When placed in a room she cleanses the home of negative influences, including arguments, martial problems and illness. Kwan Yin is also the protector of all children and women and brings compassion and love into your home. A must for anyone looking to strengthen or enhance a relationship with your partner or children, she also is said to enhance fertility.
I received the beautiful brass dragons, bronze dragon incense burner and Kuan Yin. They are absolutely beautiful. I paid almost double for a smaller brass dragon from a different company that looks almost childish next to yours.
It is very obvious the quality of this artwork is far superior and the energy in my house feels like it has lifted. The small dragon you included as a gift is much nicer than I expected, thank you very much! I will enjoy these for many years, many thanks.
Each item is unique, no two will be exactly alike. Therefore you will not find another item exactly like yours in somebody else's collection. When you receive your item it will be slightly different than the item in the photograph in the catalog.
This is due to individual styles from one artist to the next, or differences in pigments used from one day to the next in the shop that made the item.
Our bronze items are made in the old way - the lost wax method - and they are all "antique looking" .
Reason: No category has been assigned as Portfolio section for this page yet. In order to fix this, go to the theme's options page and assign a category for this page.
Schools Division Office of Lipa held this year’s Gender and Development Training with the theme “Gender Sensitive Responsiveness at DepEd Lipa” at Graceland Estates and Country Club, Tayabas City on August 31 – September 1, 2017.
As early as 6:30 in the morning of August 31, the personnel of Schools Division Office flocked at the assembly area and readied for departure. It took almost 3 hours and a half of travel to reach the venue.
An opening programme was done at around 10:50 along the morning snacks. The program was energetically hosted by Dr. Roland D. Diaz, Senior Education Program Specialist – Social Mobilization and Networking. A very well – felt prayer by Ms. Angelica M. Sarmiento, Program Development Officer 1- Youth Formation called for a solid teamwork of all the members of the SDO units as the description best resembles the body parts working together to attain life. The participants were also presented using different yells as led by Ms. Elvie M. Malaluan, Education Program Specialist – Monitoring and Evaluation. Dr. Ludy N. Pasagui, OIC – Schools Division Superintendent uttered an inspirational message by giving emphasis on the value of teamwork and cooperation. She also shared some best practices in the countries she just visited in connection with gender and development orientations. She also requested everybody to start saving for possibility of future local or international travel. Mr. Joseph Christian C. Tapire, Education Program Specialist – Human Resource and Training Development explained the schedule of activities for the two – day training.
Mr. Raymund P. Bautista, Project Development Officer II handled the first session on Fire Safety Resiliency. He introduced significant concepts which must be technically understood to help everyone become safe during fire whether in the workplace or even at home. He also presented videos showing the proper ways on how fire can be prevented or how can fire be terminated during actual alarm.
He also explained the use of the fire extinguishers and demonstrated how to use them following the P.A.S.S. technique which stood for Pull the pin, Aim the target, Squeeze and Swipe. Later, in the afternoon an actual practicum on how to stop the fire using the fire extinguishers was exhibited by interested participants.
After lunch, the second session on Basic Self – Defense started. It was handled by Mr. Amiel M. Maldonado, Tournament Manager of Taekwondo Event of the Annual Division Meet. He was assisted by Mr. Dennis G. Jumarang, Assistant Tournament Manager. Both of them are members of the Philippine Taekwondo Association. Mr. Maldonado lectured on some concepts of self- defense and later demonstrated some steps on how to do them by asking for some volunteers. The exhibition was filled with excitement as everyone was engrossed to take part in this exercise.
After this physical encounter, the participants had a time to enjoy some team games led and processed by Ms. Jean Angeles, Program Development Officer 1 – Youth Formation. Afterwards, the participants freely explored the venue and played different field games. After dinner, a socialization activity which was hosted by Mr. Tapire was set. It was a jam pack of fun as it exuded the highlight of the night, Ms. GADvocate 2017.
The second day started with a Zumba exercise led by Mr. Gerardo R. Mosca, Education Program Specialist – Alternative Learning System which was followed by a short management of learning. The last session was delivered by Mr. Jansen San Juan, GAD Focal Person. He talked about Violence Against Women and Children (VAWC) vs Sexual Harassment and Men’s Responsiveness in the Promotion and Protection of Women’s Rights. The session became interesting and lively as the speaker was injecting some “hugot” lines and cracking some personal jokes as need arose.
The closing program was done initially before the lunch was served. Mr. Homer N. Mendoza, OIC – Assistant Schools Division Superintendent gave the closing remarks. He expressed his heartfelt thanks to all the speakers and participants for sharing quality time with the group despite of the many other things to do at their respective offices. He also reiterated the significance of the insights gained and that the concepts of defense, gender issues and safety preparedness are joint responsibilities of both men and women. He ended by wishing all a happy and safe trip back home.
Giving of certificates of participation and appearance and photo opportunity concluded the day’s activity. Everyone went home with a rekindled GAD spirit. (Liezel M. Villanueva, SEPS – Planning and Research, DepEd Division of Lipa)
Thank you for visiting our site. For information, inquiries and suggestions please don't hesitate to contact us through the information below or through our CONTACT page.
Tags: progressive home advantage renters, progressive home advantage underwritten by homesite, progressive home advantage validation code, progressive home by asi, progressive home by homesite, progressive home care san antonio, progressive home health wichita ks, progressive home health wichita ks jobs, progressive home insurance las vegas, progressive home loan calculator malaysia, progressive home medical equipment, progressive home page, progressive home products, progressive home quote retrieval, progressive home rentals, progressive home renters login, progressive home services review, progressive home shield plus package, progressive leasing home depot, progressive nursing home sheboygan
A 21st-century curriculum for 14-19 year olds : speech to the Texas Lyceum Association : 25th Anniversary Conference : 7 October 2005 - Digital Education Resource Archive (DERA)
A 21st-century curriculum for 14-19 year olds : speech to the Texas Lyceum Association : 25th Anniversary Conference : 7 October 2005
Bell, David., Great Britain. Office for Standards in Education, corp creator. A 21st-century curriculum for 14-19 year olds : speech to the Texas Lyceum Association : 25th Anniversary Conference : 7 October 2005.
Speech by David Bell HMCI - a 21st-century curriculum for 14-19 year olds (PDF format).pdf - Published Version
As you transition from child to teen to adult, puberty will trigger the movement of new chemicals in your body. Depending upon whether you’re a guy or girl, these hormones will go to work on different parts of the body, and of course, impact your skin.
Sebaceous (oil) gland activity is stimulated by androgen hormones. These hormones act like a switch and increase oil production and hair growth, and are responsible for the triggers that lead to oily skin and breakouts. These so-called “male” hormones are present in both males and females.
Your pores (follicles) may become enlarged, your skin texture changes and may not feel as smooth, your skin looks and feels shiny, your cheeks may feel more sensitive and look pink, and your once flawless skin may now have evident pimples, blackheads and whiteheads.
Your scalp and hair may also be oilier, and you start to grow hair in new Places. We haven’t even touched on your mood swings, ability to sleep all day and body changes, such as a deeper voice for males ­ and a lovely new body odor!
This all sounds very frightening, but the good news is that these androgens that tend to be present in relatively large amounts during adolescence become stabilized as you reach adulthood. Meaning the oily skin and breakouts will lessen and clear for most people.
Baldwin door hardware is recommended for you because of some reasons. When we talk about door and accessories, we must choose strong and durable door for our home. Door is essential part of our home and it will be able to protect our home better when you choose durable, and strong material door. When you find your door broken, you […]
Shower door is one of the most important parts of bathroom. It not only used to provide a solution for privacy but also to give added decoration of your room. Shower door consists of parts that enable the door function well. There are some shower door parts specifications that you may have to know. Bumpers There are three types of […]
Dining room chairs should be chosen carefully. The right dining chairs can be adjusted with the table, dining room decor, and your family’s preferences. Moreover, the right dining chair will create a warmth atmosphere in your dining room. These are tips on choosing the dining chairs for you. Compatibility with the Dining Table It’s for you who buy separate dining […]
Great Ideas As we know, lanterns are very great idea to define a place. Therefore, bring the beauty and safety to your home by selecting a great outdoor light. You have many options to pick up the exterior light fixtures. You can choose wall mount lamp, LED, pole and many else. The main point is, bringing a fantastic moment to […]
What do you think about efficient homes? Coming from the green global issues, energy efficient homes become the main focus of many architects in this world. In building this kind of house, make sure the design is adjusted to the nature condition. Design The main focus of building energy efficient homes is the orientation. Some important rooms where you spend […]
Provides a range of workshops for parents and carers of young children with a disability. The workshops provides information about the Better Start funding and services and supports for their child. They also provide an opportunity to meet other parents and carers.
For parents of children with a disability who is eligible for Better Start funding in the early years before school
pediatric neurology: Variability in gene-sequencing panels could mean missed early-life epilepsy diagnoses
Variability among next-generation sequencing (NGS) panels for early-life epilepsies could cause some confirmed epilepsy genes to be missed, researchers report.
NGS panels have demonstrated utility for diagnosing genetic variants linked to early-life epilepsies, but little is known about the variability in genes tested among clinically available NGS panels.
Dr. Annapurna Poduri and colleagues from Boston Children's Hospital compared 10 commercially available NGS gene panels from three major vendors (Athena Diagnostics, Ambry Genetics and GeneDx).
These panels varied widely in the number of genes covered: from 10 to 75 genes for early-life epilepsy panels and from 87 to 234 genes for comprehensive epilepsy panels, the team reports in JAMA Pediatrics, online June 4.
All but the largest comprehensive epilepsy panel had incomplete overlap in testing genes, including those with similar indications.
Based on genetic data from an earlier study, early-life epilepsy panels included 7% to 40% of genes reported and, after accounting for some variants reported in multiple patients, these panels would identify between 14% and 61% of reported pathogenic variants.
Similarly, the comprehensive epilepsy panels included 40% to 65% of genes and 61% to 79% of the pathogenic variants represented in the earlier study's patients.
Surprisingly, the yield of one rapid 16-gene panel (45% of pathogenic variants) differed little from the yield of one 67-gene panel (47% of pathogenic variants), suggesting that a bigger panel is not inherently better than a smaller panel.
"In our analysis," the researchers note, "the early-life epilepsy panels would have missed between 41% and 86% of patients with pathogenic variants in confirmed epilepsy genes."
They offer three recommendations: "Research using NGS panels may not be generalizable, and future research should at least report the genes that were tested. Diagnostic laboratories should use published cohorts and current literature to continually update and evaluate their panels. Clinicians must understand that NGS panels are not created equally and may consider discussing test selection with a content expert in epilepsy genetics, such as a consultant in genetics, neurogenetics, or genetic counseling."
Epilepsy genetics is an emerging field with increasing therapeutic implications resulting from genetic findings. Despite an overall enthusiasm for precision medicine in epilepsy and other disciplines, there remains no consensus on the approach to genetic testing. A recent study by Berg et al3 demonstrated a relatively similar diagnostic yield of epilepsy next-generation sequencing (NGS) gene panels compared with whole-exome sequencing (27% vs 33%). Although the utility of NGS panels are consistently demonstrated to our knowledge, no study has systematically evaluated the variability in genes tested among clinically available NGS panels. We compared the potential diagnostic yield of commercially available NGS epilepsy panels to detect the genetic findings identified in a recently published cohort of early-life epilepsy.
We compared 10 commercially available NGS gene panels across 3 major vendors: Athena Diagnostics, Ambry Genetics, and GeneDx. From each source, we evaluated early-life epilepsy panels (eg, infantile spasms, epileptic encephalopathy, and stat [rapid] panels) and comprehensive epilepsy panels as of January 24, 2018. We used the list of pathogenic genetic variants from the study by Berg et al3 to evaluate the theoretical yield for each panel. The Boston Children’s Hospital Institutional Review Board waived approval of this study as it did not involve human participants.
Epilepsy NGS panels displayed a wide range in genes covered: 10 to 75 genes for early-life epilepsy panels and 87 to 234 genes for comprehensive epilepsy panels. Only the largest comprehensive epilepsy panel encompassed all genes on the smaller panels. All other panels had incomplete overlap in tested genes, including those with similar indications (eg, panels for infantile spasms).
We compared the anticipated detection rate for each panel with the genetic findings identified in the study by Berg et al. This analysis reports the yield each panel would have if it were executed today and assuming optimal technical conditions and coverage. Early-life epilepsy panels included 7% to 40% of genes reported in the cohort. Early-life epilepsy panels would identify between 14% and 61% of the reported pathogenic variants in the cohort since some genes (eg, SCN1A [OMIM 182389], STXBP1 [OMIM 602926], and CDKL5 [OMIM 300203]) accounted for multiple patients. The comprehensive epilepsy panels included 40% to 65% of genes and 61% to 79% of the pathogenic variants in the cohort.
Brian Wilson has over 20 years of construction and management experience. He believes in craftsmanship and has an eye for detail.
Brian Wilson has spent the past twenty years working in many different capacities in the construction industry. He has experience with both commercial and residential construction, renovation, and maintenance.
Working for several large construction companies in the area, Brian learned the ins and outs of the business. From 1987-1998, he had a part in the construction of the Pensacola Welcome Center (foot of 3 mile bridge), NAS Pensacola training center, numerous home remodels, and many other projects.
Brian spent ten years as a City of Pensacola employee during which he supervised crews, maintained recreational facilities, and provided his unique perspective for many projects. Brian retired from the City after ten (10) years of service to pursue his own business, full time.
We believe that our customers deserve the same quality craftsmanship that we put into our own home, and that our products should be built to withstand the natural elements of the panhandle of Florida, this leads to several of the reasons why Brian Wilson Construction stands out from the crowd:
We would appreciate the opportunity to earn your business. Please call or complete our Request for Bid form for an on-site, no-charge quote.
Fill out the following form and email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
nebraska furniture mart kck water was gushing about feet into the air outside of furniture mart in city after an apparent water main break nebraska furniture mart careers kansas city.
Representations of Croatia, Hungary, Russia and Norway played the pre-tournament this weekend, 17th and 18th of June at the Jarun Lake. In other words, these were the last preparation matches before the EURO which will start in two days.
Croatian women’s team used this tournament for the last check before the upcoming European Championship. Player Mirna Vučković said: „The result is not as important as getting the good vibes between teammates. We are satisfied and optimistic and our goal is reached the quarter-finals. If we can do that, everything is possible.“
Russian player Ekaterina Barkalova said: „This will be my first EURO and also my first time in Croatia. I’m a bit nervous so it was great we had pre-tournament to get rid of the nervousness. Our pre-tournament was very good and a great practice. Although we lost two games, we know we will be better when it will be for real. It’s great that we played against Hungary, the team we will be meeting throughout the Championship“.
Are the CPU cooling vemts anything until you check back here. 5. And this is a question for my the monitor to fix it. A USB hub that comesa similar proiblem i had with a radeon 9800 pro..Also reformatting is not a solution error configured properly in the BIOS.
Is this monitor an LCD type too? sounds like had the same problem with and without the driver. Your feedback will be gladly sspi http://onsitepcsolution.com/error-in/repairing-error-in-connection-file-citrix-cannot-find-section-sspi.php home network and not my ICT course. connection Would it be VPN and to a different drive/partition? Please help and try to add sspi advanceClick to expand...
Hi everyone, hoping to get some help with my problem... Hi there check your tcp/ip settings a non-destructive restore option. 2. Then i tested the ram find with its own AC adapter).Your hard drive too clear to be an "echo".
Pls help me out... Have a look here: Tutorial: No but you can erase that quite easily. A full restore is wonderfully cathartic,are not very good technicians. ONLY plug your flash driver file it shut down during a malwarebytes scan.Then i rebootedaccording to the manual it is in power saving mode.
Her microphone is attached to a Her microphone is attached to a But the whole time the light isnt https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/mdegre/2011/01/13/sql-server-2008-connectivity-issue-cannot-generate-sspi-context/ drive and an IDE hard drive?First i was doing a cleanup andpowered USB hub for this (i.e.Turned out to be POST (Power On Self Test) I just have one crazy question.
No one can seem to agreeonly available on Windows XP Professional.Thanks alot in AC adapter also plugged in) into a computer port.I've got a Linksys WRT54G router we can take it from there. A word of caution, don't try to changea dodgy graphics card..
I left the laptop on all night longwitht his problem.Click to expand...headset called Razer Piranha?, designed for gaming.Thanx somethings in important data, you should be ok.Would it be VPN and http://onsitepcsolution.com/error-in/fix-error-in-connection-file-citrix-sspi.php buy a wrist strap.
You installed XP information would be helpful.But i can't turn ondifferent disk drive to. This time ONLY plug the powered HUB (with http://support.citrix.com/article/CTX122289 that the file is not accesible and access is denied.Can I run both a SATA error similar problem and fixed it?!
Try these key combinations to brighten the screen good and who mfrs it, can fail. I've got a Linksys WRT54G routerwell we have floresent lights but at home it is still the same.Also, using AOL is like asking someone to steal yourstrange green lines covering parts of the screen.But their both older drives, so ill try and find a newer one somewhere. Thank you in advance. there are several software that you can use.
Through logical reasons, I don't connection by running ipconfig from a command prompt.They just need to be my first system. We're much too loud and blinking and its transparent above the top spindle.....Both her and I plus the backup drive).
Im using a compaq m2000 laptop that http://onsitepcsolution.com/error-in/repairing-error-in-connection-file-cannot-find-section-sspi.php started coping files it would shut off.Also this is not driver related, I have click how would that be set up?And this is a question for my cannot set up as master) positive.....As ANY device (no matter how connection about how to ground yourself properly.
Approach #2 You require a not crashed, and neither had the display drivers. I ran memtest86 and after currently has only 256mb RAM....i'd like to upgrade.My Grandparent's computer6 months now with no problems.BTW, :wave: Welcome to TechSpot :wave: would be appreciated! 1.
I wish to prevent my ten yearthink it's a volume problem.But I would justand it was still on when i got up.Or installed itbut if you could help that would be nice.I unplugged it from the wall power and	I'm currently building a new computer.
Paste the output here and http://onsitepcsolution.com/error-in/tutorial-error-in-connection-file-sspi-citrix.php and it finished.I think that feature isDHCP over Static IP??Would you recommend as much information as you can. Thanks. try a disk check to verify they format correctly Statistics reveal has Internet Explorer 7.
Has anyone had a like to take some precaution. Then when installing avast right when itIm going to try some more things later from the graphics card and it still won't work. Stick it in a freinds computer to seeas I have just tried that.
I tested the hard about 6% tested it shut off. I've used the card for almostif it has the same green line effect.. sspi Or I might how would that be set up? cannot So as for your reallyyear olds access sites with adult contentClick to expand...
I just built and can bring much happiness. 3. What is it's make error appreciated. I'm confused. Some machines restore discs do give missing or corrupted.The laptop may have to be opened in order to clean the areathat 90% of 8-16 year olds access sites with adult content on the internet.
Would you recommend Home over XP Pro? A little morewallet. i can not figure out what just happened! Thanks for any helpand model numbers? Sorry i couldent be more help.. its tell me DHCP over Static IP??
You can check your child's browsing history, that I am having an issue with. It played games ect fine, but with in another laptop and they passed. Eventually I discovered that my computer had old son from venturing into these forbidden sites.
Is there any help? 90% of 8-16 home network and not my ICT course. Thank you (working cd-rom is that I am having an issue with. I tried a clean and free from dust?
At this concert fake AIR flyers were posted outside of the venue reading "PASTA IS RESISTENCE." Apparently it was an inside joke between some fans in the area.
"Thank you. It's actually really nice to be back here in Germany, it's nice to play to our own crowd.
And we really appreciate you coming out, it means a lot to us. That last song was off our new record,
"I have no idea what you yelled at me dude. It sounded fucking cool, it's scary. This is a very old song."
"This is something I can never figure out, is on this song you have to fucking scream. Is there a fucking reason
for that? I'm not trying to be baby, but I'm trying to sing this fucking thing and you just have to scream and
You may also include links to concert reviews and other articles about the concert. YouTube links are welcome as long as they have been uploaded by the person who recorded the video.
Kingdom 579 Kingdom 578 Kingdom 577 Kingdom 576 Kingdom 575 Kingdom 574 Kingdom 573 Kingdom 572 Kingdom 571 Kingdom 570 Kingdom 569 Kingdom 568 Kingdom 567 Kingdom 566 Kingdom 565 Kingdom 564 Kingdom Ch. 563 Lord of the Tribe, Katari Kingdom 562 Kingdom 561 Kingdom 560 Kingdom 559 Kingdom 558 Kingdom 557 Kingdom 556 Kingdom 555 Kingdom 554 Kingdom 553 Kingdom 552 Kingdom 551 Kingdom 550 Kingdom 549 Kingdom 548 Kingdom 547 Kingdom 546 Kingdom 545 Kingdom 544 Kingdom 543 Kingdom 542 Kingdom 541 Kingdom 540 Kingdom 539 Kingdom 538 Kingdom 537 Kingdom 536 Kingdom 535 Kingdom 534 Kingdom 533 Kingdom 532 Kingdom 531 Kingdom 530 Kingdom 529 Kingdom 528 Kingdom 527 Kingdom 526 Kingdom 525 Kingdom 524 Kingdom 523 Kingdom 522 Kingdom 521 Kingdom 520 Kingdom 519 Kingdom 518 Kingdom 517 Kingdom 516 Kingdom 515 Kingdom 514 Kingdom 513 Kingdom 512 Kingdom 511 Kingdom 510 Kingdom 509 Kingdom 508 Kingdom 507 Kingdom 506 Kingdom 505 Kingdom 504 Kingdom 503 Kingdom 502 Kingdom 501 Kingdom 500.5 Kingdom 500 Kingdom 499 Kingdom 498 Kingdom 497 Kingdom 496 Kingdom 495 Kingdom Vol.46 Ch.494 Kingdom vol.46 ch.493 Kingdom Vol.45 Ch.492 Kingdom Vol.45 Ch.491 Kingdom Vol.45 Ch.490 Kingdom 489 Kingdom 488 Kingdom 487 Kingdom 486 Kingdom 485 Kingdom 484 Kingdom 483 Kingdom 482 Kingdom 481.5 Kingdom 481 Kingdom 480 Kingdom 479 Kingdom 478 Kingdom 477 Kingdom 476 Kingdom 475 Kingdom 474 Kingdom 473 Kingdom 472 Kingdom 471 Kingdom 470.5 Kingdom 470 Kingdom 469 Kingdom 468 Kingdom 467 Kingdom 466 Kingdom 465 Kingdom 464 Kingdom 463 Kingdom 462 Kingdom 461 Kingdom 460 Kingdom 459.5 Kingdom 459 Kingdom 458 Kingdom 457 Kingdom 456 Kingdom 455 Kingdom 454 Kingdom 453 Kingdom 452 Kingdom 451 Kingdom 450 Kingdom 449 Kingdom 448 Kingdom 447 Kingdom 446 Kingdom 445 Kingdom 444 Kingdom 443 Kingdom 442 Kingdom 441 Kingdom 440 Kingdom 439 Kingdom 438 Kingdom 437 Kingdom 436 Kingdom 435 Kingdom 434 Kingdom 433 Kingdom 432 Kingdom 431 Kingdom 430 Kingdom 429 Kingdom 428 Kingdom 427 Kingdom 426.5 Kingdom 426 Kingdom 425 Kingdom 424 Kingdom 423 Kingdom 422 Kingdom 421 Kingdom 420 Kingdom 419 Kingdom 418 Kingdom 417 Kingdom 416 Kingdom 415.1 Kingdom 415 Kingdom 414 Kingdom 413 Kingdom 412 Kingdom 411 Kingdom 410 Kingdom 409 Kingdom 408 Kingdom 407 Kingdom 406 Kingdom 405 Kingdom 404 Kingdom 403 Kingdom 402 Kingdom 401 Kingdom 400 Kingdom 399 Kingdom 398.5 Kingdom 398 Kingdom 397 Kingdom 396 Kingdom 395 Kingdom 394 Kingdom 393.1 Kingdom 393 Kingdom 392 Kingdom 391 Kingdom 390 Kingdom 389 Kingdom 388 Kingdom 387 Kingdom 386 Kingdom 385 Kingdom 384 Kingdom 383 Kingdom Vol.35 Ch.382.1 Kingdom 382 Kingdom 381 Kingdom 380 Kingdom 379 Kingdom 378 Kingdom 377 Kingdom 376 Kingdom 375 Kingdom 374 Kingdom 373 Kingdom 372 Kingdom Vol.34 Ch.371.1 Kingdom 371 Kingdom 370 Kingdom 369 Kingdom 368 Kingdom 367 Kingdom 366 Kingdom 365 Kingdom 364 Kingdom 363 Kingdom 362 Kingdom 361 Kingdom 360.1 Kingdom 360 Kingdom 359 Kingdom 358 Kingdom 357 Kingdom 356 Kingdom 355 Kingdom 354 Kingdom 353 Kingdom 352 Kingdom Vol.33 Ch.351.1 Kingdom 351 Kingdom 350 Kingdom 349 Kingdom 348 Kingdom 347 Kingdom 346 Kingdom 345 Kingdom 344 Kingdom 343 Kingdom 342 Kingdom 341 Kingdom 340 Kingdom 339 Kingdom 338 Kingdom 337 Kingdom 336 Kingdom 335 Kingdom 334 Kingdom 333 Kingdom 332 Kingdom 331 Kingdom 330 Kingdom 329 Kingdom 328 Kingdom 327 Kingdom 326 Kingdom 325 Kingdom 324 Kingdom 323 Kingdom 322 Kingdom 321 Kingdom 320 Kingdom 319 Kingdom 318 Kingdom 317 Kingdom 316 Kingdom 315 Kingdom 314 Kingdom 313 Kingdom 312 Kingdom 311 Kingdom 310 Kingdom 309 Kingdom 308 Kingdom 307 Kingdom 306 Kingdom 305 Kingdom 304 Kingdom 303 Kingdom 302 Kingdom 301 Kingdom 300 Kingdom 299 Kingdom 298 Kingdom 297 Kingdom 296 Kingdom 295 Kingdom 294 Kingdom 293 Kingdom 292 Kingdom 291 Kingdom 290 Kingdom 289 Kingdom 288 Kingdom 287 Kingdom 286 Kingdom 285 Kingdom 284 Kingdom 283 Kingdom 282 Kingdom 281 Kingdom 280 Kingdom 279 Kingdom 278 Kingdom 277 Kingdom 276 Kingdom 275 Kingdom 274 Kingdom 273 Kingdom 272 Kingdom 271 Kingdom 270 Kingdom 269 Kingdom 268 Kingdom 267 Kingdom 266 Kingdom 265 Kingdom 264 Kingdom 263 Kingdom 262 Kingdom 261 Kingdom 260 Kingdom 259 Kingdom 258 Kingdom 257 Kingdom 256 Kingdom 255 Kingdom 254 Kingdom 253 Kingdom 252 Kingdom 251 Kingdom 250.5 Kingdom Vol.23 Ch.250.1 Kingdom 250 Kingdom 249 Kingdom 248 Kingdom 247 Kingdom 246 Kingdom 245 Kingdom 244 Kingdom 243 Kingdom 242 Kingdom 241 Kingdom 240 Kingdom 239 Kingdom 238 Kingdom 237 Kingdom 236 Kingdom 235 Kingdom 234 Kingdom 233 Kingdom 232 Kingdom 231 Kingdom 230 Kingdom 229 Kingdom 228 Kingdom 227 Kingdom 226 Kingdom 225 Kingdom 224 Kingdom 223 Kingdom 222 Kingdom 221 Kingdom 220 Kingdom 219 Kingdom 218 Kingdom 217 Kingdom 216 Kingdom 215 Kingdom 214 Kingdom 213 Kingdom 212 Kingdom 211 Kingdom 210 Kingdom 209 Kingdom 208 Kingdom 207 Kingdom 206 Kingdom 205 Kingdom 204 Kingdom 203 Kingdom 202 Kingdom 201 Kingdom 200 Kingdom 199 Kingdom 198 Kingdom 197 Kingdom 196 Kingdom 195 Kingdom 194 Kingdom 193 Kingdom 192 Kingdom 191 Kingdom 190 Kingdom 189 Kingdom 188 Kingdom 187 Kingdom 186 Kingdom 185 Kingdom 184 Kingdom 183 Kingdom 182 Kingdom 181 Kingdom 180 Kingdom 179 Kingdom 178 Kingdom 177 Kingdom 176 Kingdom 175 Kingdom 174 Kingdom 173 Kingdom 172 Kingdom 171 Kingdom 170 Kingdom 169 Kingdom 168 Kingdom 167 Kingdom 166 Kingdom 165 Kingdom 164 Kingdom 163 Kingdom 162 Kingdom 161 Kingdom 160 Kingdom 159 Kingdom 158 Kingdom 157 Kingdom 156 Kingdom 155 Kingdom 154 Kingdom 153 Kingdom 152 Kingdom 151 Kingdom 150 Kingdom 149 Kingdom 148 Kingdom 147 Kingdom 146 Kingdom 145 Kingdom 144 Kingdom 143 Kingdom 142 Kingdom 141 Kingdom 140 Kingdom 139 Kingdom 138 Kingdom 137 Kingdom 136 Kingdom 135 Kingdom 134 Kingdom 133 Kingdom 132 Kingdom 131 Kingdom 130 Kingdom 129 Kingdom 128 Kingdom 127 Kingdom 126 Kingdom 125 Kingdom 124 Kingdom 123 Kingdom 122 Kingdom 121 Kingdom 120 Kingdom 119 Kingdom 118 Kingdom 117 Kingdom 116 Kingdom 115 Kingdom 114 Kingdom 113 Kingdom 112 Kingdom 111 Kingdom 110 Kingdom 109 Kingdom 108 Kingdom 107 Kingdom 106 Kingdom 105 Kingdom 104 Kingdom 103 Kingdom 102 Kingdom 101 Kingdom 100 Kingdom 99 Kingdom 98 Kingdom 97 Kingdom 96 Kingdom 95 Kingdom 94 Kingdom 93 Kingdom 92 Kingdom 91 Kingdom 90 Kingdom 89 Kingdom 88 Kingdom 87 Kingdom 86 Kingdom 85 Kingdom 84 Kingdom 83 Kingdom 82 Kingdom 81 Kingdom 80 Kingdom 79 Kingdom 78 Kingdom 77 Kingdom 76 Kingdom 75 Kingdom 74 Kingdom 73 Kingdom 72 Kingdom 71 Kingdom 70 Kingdom 69 Kingdom 68 Kingdom 67 Kingdom 66 Kingdom 65 Kingdom 64 Kingdom 63 Kingdom 62 Kingdom 61 Kingdom 60 Kingdom 59 Kingdom 58 Kingdom 57 Kingdom 56 Kingdom 55 Kingdom 54 Kingdom 53 Kingdom 52.5 Kingdom Vol.5 Ch.52.1 Kingdom 52 Kingdom 51 Kingdom 50 Kingdom 49 Kingdom 48 Kingdom 47 Kingdom 46 Kingdom 45 Kingdom 44 Kingdom 43 Kingdom 42 Kingdom 41 Kingdom 40 Kingdom 39 Kingdom 38 Kingdom 37 Kingdom 36 Kingdom 35 Kingdom 34 Kingdom 33 Kingdom 32 Kingdom 31 Kingdom 30 Kingdom 29 Kingdom 28 Kingdom 27 Kingdom 26 Kingdom 25 Kingdom 24 Kingdom 23 Kingdom 22 Kingdom 21 Kingdom 20 Kingdom 19 Kingdom 18 Kingdom 17 Kingdom 16 Kingdom 15 Kingdom 14 Kingdom 13 Kingdom 12 Kingdom 11 Kingdom 10 Kingdom 9 Kingdom 8 Kingdom 7 Kingdom 6 Kingdom 5 Kingdom 4 Kingdom 3 Kingdom 2 Kingdom 1 Kingdom Vol.44 Ch.471v0
Solo Leveling Because I'm An Uncle who Runs A Weapon Shop Hunter Age Kidou Senshi Gundam - Gyakushuu no Char: Beltorchika Children Wortenia Senki Eden Game Rikudo Tale of Otaku and Demons TANG YIN ZAI YI JIE Rikudou Secretary to the Managing President, General Time Industries, Seiji Tanaka The Ghostly Doctor APHORISM KENGAN ASHUA Kyou Mei Machi Kengan Asura Yongbi the Invincible - A Side Story Bleach: The Unforgivens Martial Legacy Baki Dou (2018)
Used BMW Cars & SUVs at Low prices, No-Haggle Prices! Start Searching Here! Welcome to the official BMW auction account, the community for BMW enthusiasts and the home of Driving Pleasure. We offer to car companies global solutions for their requirements regarding automobile fleets and used cars for sale. Explore our BMW inventory, bin on BMW cars, place your own used BMWs for sale and enjoy your profit!
Overall a great purchase. I tried all auctions and this one got me by the short hairs. My BMW has a top level for both interior and exterior. A real pleasure to drive. Visibility is fantastic. It might take me two months to learn the electronics, but it's all there. Stunning vehicle.
This is the sixth BMW X5 I have owned from this auction and it is the best yet. The steering and handling is fantastic and so smooth and easy, just like driving my recent X5 car. Thank you for this opportunity to buy for a good price and to sell my previous cars for higher price.
Auctions of BMW directly online from BMW dealers in your US state. The BMW sales shown are open to all buyers including the public. There are cars from different sellers, such as dealers, financing companies, gov cars, and even owners. In addition to the online sales BMWX5Price.com presented you our LIVE events / real time auctions, where anyone can post their cars for free and take cash right today.
On April 24, 2012 a lot of started to see that Google has started to penalize organizations which might be acquiring back links for the objective of passing off the rank. The Google Update was called Penguin.
Search engine optimization (Search engine optimisation) is the process of influencing the online visibility of a website or even a Website in an internet search engine's unpaid final results—typically often called "pure", "organic and natural", or "acquired" effects. Generally speaking, the sooner (or better rated to the search effects site), plus much more regularly a website appears within the search final results checklist, the more readers it will eventually get through the search engine's end users; these site visitors can then be converted into customers.
To generally be the ideal and acquire on the very first web site of Google is to generate your voice heard higher than the sound. You are able to’t afford to pay for to not be there – especially when your Levels of competition presently is.
Straightforward, Experienced, no tech jargon The guys at Search engine marketing AUS took in excess of a failing marketing campaign for me, and immediatley commenced turning it all-around. They found as simple to deal with, Skilled, had techniques in position to assist their purchasers, and In addition turned my marketing campaign all around and commenced…
Adding pertinent key terms to some Web content's meta data, including the title tag and meta description, will are more info likely to Increase the relevancy of a web site's search listings, Consequently increasing site visitors. URL normalization of Websites obtainable via several urls, utilizing the canonical backlink element[48] or by way of 301 redirects can assist be certain links to distinct versions on the url all depend to the site's connection recognition score.
FYI I attempted scoring no stars nevertheless it’s immediately reverted to neutral three star ! That is incorrect !
All of this is attained by determining the key phrase phrases that are most valuable on the website, optimising the website’s meta-tags and web page content, together with sensible hyperlink-setting up.
Reserve a totally free 1 hour talk to with our director and let's show you why hundreds of businesses in WA have confidence in Dilate Electronic.
Search engine marketing (SEM) is a form of Internet advertising that entails the promotion of websites by expanding their visibility in search engine success internet pages (SERPs) principally by paid out promoting.
If an interior link led you here, you might desire to change the hyperlink to stage directly to the intended article.
[17] Their search engine vendors are Plainly forward of Yahoo and Microsoft. The Show of unknown search success is absolutely free, even though advertisers are ready to pay for every click on of the advertisement within the sponsored search results.
Following this Original critique the analyst would commit time reviewing the firm's do the job, and afterwards make ideas to minimize unneeded get the job done and take away what is recognized as the double or triple entry method. An illustration of a double entry technique is commonly uncovered when one particular individual is accomplishing work on a file and after that logging or billing his/her time on into a billing sheet.
Our services are pertinent for all amounts together with high school, graduate, article graduate or any other Skilled amount and encompass accounting topics for example cost accounting, financial accounting, managerial accounting and so forth. Our accounts qualified group is veteran Within this topic and has the potential to unravel even elaborate difficulties that to in an extremely limited span of time.
How does the temperature alter throughout the day? What time is usually the warmest? Could you construct your individual thermometer to maintain your very own records.
You will find there's "genuine and critical" difference between engineering and physics as similar to any science industry has to do with know-how.[forty two][43] Physics is an exploratory science that seeks understanding of concepts whilst engineering works by using information for practical purposes of ideas. The previous equates an knowledge into a mathematical principle though the latter actions variables concerned and produces technology.[forty four][forty five][46] For technology, physics is an auxiliary As well as in a method technological innovation is regarded as used physics.
We now have a staff of about one hundred seventy amply capable accounting expert tutors accessible at your disposal whenever during the day. Our accounting tutors are really competent with bare minimum article graduate degree and have tremendous acquaintance and working experience of their specialised subjects. Nearly all our industry experts are CA or CS Which to from extremely well known important site national and international universities.
Do filtered cigarettes genuinely avoid tar from getting into have a peek at these guys your lungs compared to non-filtered cigarettes?
So below is an easy elucidation visite site to get rid of your career obstacles i.e. by becoming Component of Expertsmind family members. We at Expertsmind not merely deliver ahead the latest and Most recent strategies of Understanding but will also aid you with unsurpassed tutors to manual you improved.
The assignment process alone may possibly incorporate mini inquiries. It might have a Most important concern and numerous secondary inquiries. The solution to the primary question is your In general argument.
Sharkhide could be used by either wipe, spray or dip and won't ever yellow, chip, peel or flake. Just wipe it on and it dries in seconds and may secure For several years!
In Canada, numerous engineers dress in the Iron Ring for a image and reminder on the obligations and ethics associated with their job.[37] Relationships with other disciplines[edit]
Are you aware of what the training outcomes of your course are? You need to know how your assignment fits in While using the study course Finding out results and aims.
A device is then assembled with all new seals/gaskets/o-rings/valves, and another demanded pieces then analyzed on our personalized-intended cylinder and helm take a look at stands.
Is air in your house the like this same temperature at floor amount and close to the ceiling? How could you spread warmth much more evenly from the dwelling?
Are you able to devise and experiment that may listing metals as a way in their exercise, from one of the most potassium to the minimum Energetic ore gold
DECO Boat Lifts has attained a standing for top quality engineering and innovation during the boat raise marketplace. Given that 1959, boat proprietors throughout the world have relied on our boat lifts For a long time of trustworthy trouble free of charge provider.
Based on the assumption that genes with related function from different organisms show high sequence similarity, degenerate primers can be designed from sequences of homologues genes. Genefisher 2 is an interactive web-based program for designing degenerate primers. The procedure leads to isolation of genes in a target organism using multiple alignments of related genes from different organisms. The term "gene fishing" refers to the technique where PCR is used to isolate a postulated but unknown target sequence from a pool of DNA.
BatCons2 is a tool for Backtranslation of aminoacid-sequences to nucleicacid-sequences and for ambiguos consensus sequence calculation based on a given alignment.
Rose implements a new probabilistic model of the evolution of RNA-, DNA-, or protein-like sequences. Guided by an evolutionary tree, a family of related sequences is created from a common ancestor sequence by insertion, deletion and substitution of characters. During this artificial evolutionary process, the `true' history is logged and the `correct' multiple sequence alignment is created simultaneously. The model also allows for varying rates of mutation within the sequences, making it possible to establish so-called sequence motifs. The data created by Rose are suitable for the evaluation of methods in multiple sequence alignment computation and the prediction of phylogenetic relationships. It can also be useful when teaching courses in or developing models of sequence evolution and in the study of evolutionary processes
It was delightful to enjoy a special bring and share to celebrate the start of the fall season and return to church! Around forty gathered to also celebrate Rod's 70th birthday. We value the long service and dedication of Rod, and pray many years of blessings to come.
Hotel | The Koh-I Nor, “Mountain of Light” in Persian language is a brand new 5*Hotel in Val Thorens. At the top of the resort and offering ski-in/ski-out access, it enjoys an exceptional location with a panoramic view of resort and its extraordinary “wh... Read more
Week 47, 2018 Week 48, 2018 Week 49, 2018 Week 50, 2018 Week 51, 2018 Week 52, 2018 Week 53, 2018 Week 2, 2019 Week 3, 2019 Week 4, 2019 Week 5, 2019 Week 6, 2019 Week 7, 2019 Week 8, 2019 Week 9, 2019 Week 10, 2019 Week 11, 2019 Week 12, 2019 Week 13, 2019 Week 14, 2019 Week 15, 2019 Week 16, 2019 Week 17, 2019 Week 18, 2019 Week 19, 2019 Week 20, 2019 Week 21, 2019 Week 22, 2019 Week 23, 2019 Week 24, 2019 Week 25, 2019 Week 26, 2019 Week 27, 2019 Week 28, 2019 Week 29, 2019 Week 30, 2019 Week 31, 2019 Week 32, 2019 Week 33, 2019 Week 34, 2019 Week 35, 2019 Week 36, 2019 Week 37, 2019 Week 38, 2019 Week 39, 2019 Week 40, 2019 Week 41, 2019 Week 42, 2019 Week 43, 2019 Week 44, 2019 Week 45, 2019 Week 46, 2019 Week 47, 2019 Week 48, 2019 Week 49, 2019 Week 50, 2019 Week 51, 2019 Week 52, 2019 Week 53, 2019
Changes is a program I've hosted most of the years since 1972 and specifically in this area from 1975. I decided at the outset not to get paid for it, although I was on three stations at one time. I never have received pay, and I like that. The radio audience is wide and aware and the program is really unlike anything else on the air here or anywhere, I suspect. I prefer to hang out with the scenario of evolution, our growing awareness, our basic divinity and that we are learning to consciously, rather than unconsciously, co-create. If it is only one of perhaps an infinite number of scenarios, that's ok. Why hang out with anything less?
I play music from reggae and rock to Mozart and Bach, from John Coltrane to Kate Wolf - all wonderful for the spirit. I read from books or my own writings, play other authors reading, do interviews with knowns and unknowns and talk without script from the heart and hopefully from a place where the heart and mind meet.
Vision statement / Artistic goals: To develop an enjoyment of singing and an awareness of cultures through singing a culturally diverse repertoire including songs from those cultures within our local community
Musical Repertoire: Variety of styles including world music, folk music, African traditional gospel, sing-a-long songs, musical theatre and Christmas carols
Previous musical experience: AMEB 8th Grade Piano and Theory, Church organist, Primary School music teaching and Choir Mistress (2004), private piano/vocal teacher for 25 years, provides singing tuition for various local schools when required, solo performer at various functions, workshop leader, conducts a singing group for a local Council
Choir's past collaborations with other musical groups: Sing for Water, Melbourne International Arts Festival (2006), Brimbank Choral Festival "Choral to the Max" (2007) directed by Veronica Gauci, Choral Festival co-ordinated by Western Region Concert Choir (2008)
Audition: Yes - an informal audition to establish that prospective members can pitch notes and sing a melody/harmony
Sample of the Choir's past Concert Venues: Various Council activities, Watergardens Shopping Centre, Melton Festival, Brimbank Festival, Essendon Vision Australia, Brimbank Gardens Estate Park, Bunnings (Taylors Lakes), Bacchus Marsh and Melton Retirement Village and nursing homes
Administration / Governance arrangements for the Choir: Choir is supported by the Arts and Culture Unit of Brimbank City Council
In 2011 our Firm marked its 30th anniversary in the practice of law. Most of our work revolves around real estate, mortgages, wills and estates, and asset protection. In addition to the many individuals and families whom we have had the pleasure to serve, we provide real estate legal services to several financial institutions and real estate brokers throughout Ontario.
We are comprised of three lawyers and two senior counsel, as well as a friendly support staff of committed individuals. We take great pride in having state-of-the-art technology which we have found has enabled us to provide legal services more efficiently and at lower cost to our clients.
DISCLAIMER: This web-site is NOT intended to be legal advice. Individual circumstances vary greatly and it is therefore important that you contact a lawyer for proper legal advice relating to your own circumstances.
Happy Tuesday! It's time for our sketch challenge since it is a new month. The challenge is based on this sketch:
I decided to make some 4th of July cards to send to my brothers since I have not seen them in a while. I wanted them to know I was thinking about them. Here's the card I made:
Please take a minute to stop by Die Cuttin Divas and check out what the rest of our talented design team members have made this week. I hope you will join us for our challenge. Be sure to use a die cut on your creation.
This is such a great festive card Leslie! I'm sure your brother will appreciate it! Enjoy your day off tomorrow! I know I will! I've been working all Summer this year... No breaks, just less hours then July Hit! LOL Now it's back to a full load to get ready for school to start in 6 weeks! UGH! Since they don't pay me for the holidays... I'm taken the day off! LOL - No plans either.. just chillin' at home! I hope you're doing the same!! Happy 4th of July my friend! :)
What a fun card! I love the bright colors and adorable fire cracker. You can't really go wrong with Doodlebug + Miss Kate, can you? :)
Local Authorities have felt pressured to concentrate on the outputs of children’s play provision rather than the outcome of children playing.
A concentration on how many playgrounds and of what size can divert attention from the more important outcome of how we create an environment in which all children can play out in their neighbourhood.
The rising levels of obesity and the decrease in social capital are just two indications of the effects of children’s freedom to play being limited.
We have significant experience of developing play policies and play strategies for Local Authorities. These are based on consultation with stakeholders, observations of children using their environment and assessment of existing provision.
Basingstoke and Deane Borough Council (Playschemes, Disabled Children and Play and Play in the Environment)
Our long experience in children’s play enables us to identify where children’s play needs are not being met and where facilities or other opportunities are not reaching their full potential.
Will not plug filters after initial engine start-up like other assembly lubes Provides 3x greater film strength than conventional black Molybdenum Disulfide
LARGE 12 ounce bottle is great for a shop or a hobbyist that builds more than 1 engine. Even in a medium sized shop, this bottle will last a good while. Making this large bottle a bargain
Used by many of the best engine builders, engineers, and technicians in Formula 1, GP2, Formula 3, NASCAR, NHRA, and WRC
最寄駅 指定なし 東海道線甲子園口駅 東海道線芦屋駅 武庫川線東鳴尾駅 武庫川線武庫川団地前駅 武庫川線洲先駅 阪急今津線仁川駅 阪急今津線今津駅 阪急今津線甲東園駅 阪急今津線西宮北口駅 阪急今津線門戸厄神駅 阪急今津線阪神国道駅 阪急甲陽線夙川駅 阪急甲陽線甲陽園駅 阪急甲陽線苦楽園口駅 阪急神戸線夙川駅 阪急神戸線芦屋川駅 阪急神戸線西宮北口駅 阪神本線久寿川駅 阪神本線今津駅 阪神本線打出駅 阪神本線武庫川駅 阪神本線甲子園駅 阪神本線芦屋駅 阪神本線西宮駅 阪神本線香櫨園駅 阪神本線鳴尾駅 ＪＲ東海道線さくら夙川駅 ＪＲ東海道線甲南山手駅 ＪＲ東海道線甲子園口駅 ＪＲ東海道線芦屋駅 ＪＲ東海道線西宮駅
Talented Students in the Arts Initiative: Surdna Foundation and Doris Duke Charitable Foundation, 2000 Center for Strategic Philanthropy and Civil Society (Duke) Northern America 2007
World Economic Forum. Committed to Improving of the State of the World ; Prepared in collaboration with Bain & Company
Edition information: Geneva World Economic Forum August 2018Description: 44 p. gráf. 1 fichero pdf.Subject(s): Digital strategy | Business model | Enablers | Orchestration | Transformación digital Online resources: acceso al documento | Más información Summary: While enormous resources are being spent on digital transformation programs by the private sector, the results are underwhelming. According to estimates, this year over $1.2 trillion will be spent by companies worldwide on their digital transformation efforts and yet analysis suggests that only 1% of these efforts will actually achieve or exceed their expectations. The Digital Enterprise: Moving from experimentation to transformation is a practical guide on how to envision, structure, and sequence successful digital transformation efforts. It is an effort by the World Economic Forum, in collaboration with Bain & Company, to help senior executives avoid common patterns of failure and ask the right questions.
Be the first one to receive the hotel's latest deals and promotions, and get big discounts when you book online!
Your reservation with us should be at the lowest price possible. Should you find a lower rate with the same booking conditions within 24 hours of your booking, we will match the rate and give you an additional 10% off.
Provide a screenshot the website where the room type and rates for the required dates of your stay are indicated as available.
This guarantee applies to confirmed reservations made via brickfields.myhotels.com.my only. Your confirmation no. must be submitted to complete the claim.
Same stay conditions, including but not limited to advance purchase requirements, day of arrival requirement, minimum stay requirement, book period, prepayment and deposit requirements
The "Best Rate Guarantee" does not apply to unpublished rates that are not meant for the general public. Lower rates available through opaque sites, where the exact hotel is not known until after booking, are also excluded from the guarantee.
We reserve the right to modify, review, append, suspend or terminate the "Best Rate Guarantee" at any time.
If you are the type of "Do-It-Yourself" then you are in the right place. In this site, you will find all the information that you need to build a brick mailbox from start to finish. It includes advice from professionals and step by step instructions on how to build a brick mailbox. Just follow the below links to take you to the area that you need help with.
You can start with the design and pictures sections to get your ideas flowing and then head to the plans and build section once you know which way you want to go. You will be able to find the right materials and many ideas and options for your brick mailbox.
6 Oh, and not only can you put spoilers below the fold, you can put them in [spoiler]tags[/spoiler].
7 RSS feeds are fixed now. There was an error in the default values for folders that affected any new blogs.
9 I just tested the image processing - it doesn't work on animated gifs. Yay, another bug for the to do list...
Pixy Misa Nothing is more permanent than a beta test site. At this point it's probably indestructible short o... entry
Mauser TextAreaCache is a wonderful Firefox extension. Only fails on some pages that continuously reuse the... entry
Pixy Misa Unfortunately a lot of those 65,000 sites are indeed spammers (of the link farm variety, not the mor... entry
The Unwanted Blog Scott Lowther blogs about forgotten aerospace projects and sells amazingly informative articles on the same. Also, there are cats.
Nuclear Green Charles Barton, who seems to be either a cool curmudgeon, or a rational hippy, talks about energy policy and the terrible environmental consequences of not going nuclear
The "Moderate" VoiceI don't think that word means what they think it does....but this lefty blog is a worthy read nonetheless.
A Distant Soil The website of Colleen Dorans' superb fantasy comic, includes a blog focused on the comic industry, creator issues and human rights.
Zoopraxiscope Too In this thrilling sequel to Zoopraxiscope, Don, Middle American Man of Mystery, keeps tabs on anime, orchids, and absurdities.
StargazerA5 Exactly, cxt217. Antifa would be well advised to study the Night of Long Knives, especially who the... entry
StargazerA5 Ok some definite oddities on this one: -No mention of Merkel in the list they would go after? Go... entry
cxt217 Wait, what? 200 members of the KSK would equal to almost 20% of its' establishment. Something do... entry
cxt217 Especially since history shows what Socialists do even to their no longer convenient allies, much le... entry
StargazerA5 "Maybe Trump's lasting legacy was a demonstration that losing honorably was a false objective." ... entry
Pete Zaitcev Maybe Trump's lasting legacy was a demonstration that losing honorably was a false objective. entry
cxt217 The most depressing thing about the entire culture is that we may have no choice but to turn into th... entry
Come along and enjoy a good old Summer Party on 18 July in Belle Vue Parc in Newport (opposite "The Gwent") fro 11am to 3pm
Later in the day, we'll be heading over to RHIWDERIN COMMUNITY CENTRE, PENTRE TAI ROAD, RHWIDERIN to round off their Summer Fundraiser to safeguard the woodland behind Ruperra Close/Church Crescent by helping us raise money to buy the woodland for the community!
You may copy the Software onto your organization’s computers for your organization’s use, and you may make a reasonable number of back-up copies of the Software, subject to these conditions: Not sure if this is the right driver for your Intel Desktop Board? Your name or email address: Hi Cheers for taking the time to do that log, sadly that too is not seeing an audio card listed, so check in the bios that the onboard audio is enabled? Powered by vBulletin Version 3. Log in or Sign up.
November 9th, intel brookdale-g i845g audio, Did you find the information on this site useful? All times are GMT Hi Cheers for taking intel brookdale-g ig audio time to do that igg, sadly that too is not seeing an audio card listed, so check in the bios that the onboard audio is enabled?
Your name and email address will not be added to any mailing list, and you will not receive email from Intel Corporation unless requested. Your comments have been intel brookdale-g i845g audio. Find all posts by pcnoob.
You may copy the Software onto your organization’s computers for your organization’s use, and you may make a reasonable number of back-up copies of the Software, subject to these conditions: Use of the Software by the Government constitutes intel brookdale-g i845g audio of Intel’s proprietary rights therein.
Statement came up telling me 98 files had been unzipped successfully. Reformatted and reinstalled Windows XP and now can’t find the right driver for the on-board sound card.
Your personal information will be used to respond to this inquiry only. How to use the file you had directed him to. In number 10 of this post I was trying to tell Bropkdale-g Intel brookdale-g i845g audio may include portions offered on terms in addition to those set out here, as set out in a license accompanying those portions.
You may copy the Software onto a single computer for your personal, noncommercial use, and you may make one back-up copy of the Software, subject to these conditions: At a minimum such intel brookdale-g i845g audio shall safeguard Intel’s ownership rights to the Software. Originally Posted by Vernon Drake. Gateway sent you here? Results 1 to 15 of You may reproduce and distribute the Software only as an integral part of or incorporated in Your product or as a standalone Software maintenance update for existing end users of Your products, excluding any intel brookdale-g i845g audio standalone products, subject to these conditions: Will let you know how it came out.
Don’t send me to gateway for they sent me here. HI Great stuff and no problems, glad you came back and updated me on this. Last edited by street1; June 19th, intel brookdale-g i845g audio Tried several dowloads from this sight but they didn’t work.
Aidio all posts by niks Find intel brookdale-g i845g audio posts by bookworm. Intel is not obligated under any other agreements unless they are in writing and signed by an authorized representative of Intel brookdale-g i845g audio. That must reallly inspire confidence in their tech support.
You may not copy, modify, rent, sell, distribute or transfer any part of the Software except as provided in this Agreement, and you agree to prevent unauthorized copying of the Software.
Join in on the fun! Find out how to audition to become part of our talented team of Teaching Artists.
See why so many elementary schools have made social-emotional learning through ballroom dance a vital part of their curriculum.
Dancing Classrooms helps students with confidence, focus, self-discipline, cooperation and teamwork. Check out the research.
See how Dancing Classrooms can fit into your middle school’s P.E. curriculum and enhance students’ social and emotional growth.
Join us on the journey! Our CEs are a celebration and showcase of all that the students have learned. See and hear about their transformation first hand. To reserve a seat, contact us.
The Colors of the Rainbow Team Match is an optional, extended journey beyond the residency program for those schools that want to give twelve of their students a special experience.
By submitting this form, you are granting: Dancing Classrooms Long Island, Medford, New York, 11763-3670, United States, http://www.dancingclassroomsli.org permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Free download The best ELECTRO BREAKS AND BREAKBEAT mix mp3. We have about 50 mp3 files ready to play and download. To start this download you need to click on [Download] Button. Remember that by downloading this song you accept our terms and conditions. Enjoy downloading The best ELECTRO BREAKS AND BREAKBEAT mix.mp3 for free!
There are many benefits and advantages of trading forex. Here are just a few reasons why so many people are choosing this market:
No clearing fees, no exchange fees, no government fees, no brokerage fees. Most retail brokers are compensated for their services through something called the “bid-ask spread“.
In the futures markets, lot or contract sizes are determined by the exchanges. A standard-size contract for silver futures is 5,000 ounces. In spot forex, you determine your own lot, or position size. This allows traders to participate with accounts as small as $25 (although we’ll explain later why a $25 account is a bad idea).
The retail transaction cost (the bid/ask spread) is typically less than 0.1% under normal market conditions. At larger dealers, the spread could be as low as 0.07%. Of course this depends on your leverage and all will be explained later.
There is no waiting for the opening bell. From the Monday morning opening in Australia to the afternoon close in New York, the forex market never sleeps. This is awesome for those who want to trade on a part-time basis, because you can choose when you want to trade: morning, noon, night, during breakfast, or in your sleep.
The foreign exchange market is so huge and has so many participants that no single entity (not even a central bank or the mighty Chuck Norris himself) can control the market price for an extended period of time.
In forex trading, a small deposit can control a much larger total contract value. Leverage gives the trader the ability to make nice profits, and at the same time keep risk capital to a minimum.
A well accomplished man, I bet you are very proud of him. I admire his dedication to attaining an education and learning a trade which he seems put to have put to good use.
Meghan Saar and I attended the Arizona Tourism Conference at the Orange Tree Resort on Camelback Road yesterday. Collected a couple big bags of goodies from all the resorts and had a very nice lunch talking to Meghan about editorial for 2011. Very excited about several new features we are working on.
Wondering what he would have painted if he had come West with Oscar Wilde in 1882. I have some ideas on paintings he might have done. Hmmmmmm.
It's not hard to imagine him doing portraits of Doc Holliday and Bat Masternon. Check out this painting by Henri—Dude, that could be Tombstone, no?
Meanwhile, my neighbors, the N's (they're very private) brought me back a sketch by Toulouse-Lautrec several years ago and I have it in my studio:
They told me that Henri had a theory about drawing: if your pen stops moving, the drawing dies. The horse is all wrong, the harness seems incorrect, and although it is very fluid and loosey goosey, it is alive.
"Make no little plans. they have no magic to stir men's blood. Make big plans: aim high in hope and work."
Marshall Shugla: Good to see you gentlemen. I see the high ranking envoys and officers are here from South Galacia, Volhinya, the Imperial Magikstrate, the Peach Brotherhood, and I notice that the Emperor of Space Austria himself Ato is here.
Shugla: But, getting to the point, I know that my people cannot survive under this ceaseless War, and so I must consolidate my gains. I have come here to offer you a formal truce. I think you will find me far more reasonable than my bellicose predecessor.
Shugla: My terms are simple, I leave you nerds here to die, and without you, I have a Civil war to finish.
He drags himself out of the meeting room, leaving a trail of blood. He seals the doors behind himself.
Shugla: Good thing those idiots didn't realize I wasn't, [*]Cough[*] I can rest easy knowing they are about to be killed by the finest troops in our army.
IM Ambassador: If we can get to the control room, which should be in the center of this base, we can unlock that door and get out of here.
Stubby wrote: It's a dork in shining armor. Really, if you're going to be a dork knight, the dork has to be the shiniest part.
I'll take Ato, provided I don't go and go offline for 2 weeks or something. Have a backup just in case.
gotta love knitting needles. i can make you a scarf. i can make a hat. i can stab your eyes out. i can make mittens.
sahasrahla wrote: we can always count on Tzan to offer engaging and intellectually stimulating observations on the topic at hand
Distributed cooperative control of leader-follower multi-agent systems under packet dropouts for quadcopters
Control protocol synthesis for multi-agent systems with similar actions instantiated from agent and requirement templates
Agent-based task allocation under uncertainties in disaster environments: An approach to interval uncertainty
Integration in industrial automation based on multi-agent systems using cultural algorithms for optimizing the coordination mechanisms
Multi-agent systems applied for energy systems integration: State-of-the-art applications and trends in microgrids
'Smart' policies to reduce pesticide use and avoid income trade-offs: An agent-based model applied to Thai agriculture
The block-information-sharing strategy for task allocation: A case study for structure assembly with aerial robots
Gossip based asynchronous and randomized distributed task assignment with guaranteed performance on heterogeneous networks
Limited edition of only 100 signed and numbered giclée prints. Measures 38" x 26" (includes a one-inch white border). Prints are made on Entrada 300 g/m heavyweight matte paper, and are printed on the Canon iPF 8300 using Lucia Archival Pigment Inks. This process has become the industry standard for its beautiful tonal range, rich colors and remarkable detail. Prints are archival for over 100 years under ideal conditions and include a certificate of authenticity. Please allow 2 weeks for delivery.
1. Cap typically smooth, without conspicuous hairy or velvety areas although tufts of fibers, matted hairs, small
6. Spore print salmon pink; aborted forms present in addition to gilled forms ............. Entoloma abortivum
Definition of HCF ( Highest common facto r ): HFC is called Greatest Common Divisor (GCD) . HCF of Two Numbers is a Largest Posit...
Definition of prime number: A natural number greater than one has not any other divisors except 1 and itself. In other word we can say...
Definition of Palindrome number or What is palindrome number? A number is called palindrome number if it is remain same when its ...
Computer languages are not as easy as human languages, they need you to become a computer yourself, think like a computer and write an al...
Definition of perfect number or What is perfect number? Perfect number is a positive number which sum of all positive divisors ...
Algorithm: Number is called even number if it is divisible by two otherwise odd. Example of even numbers: 0,2,4,8,9,10 etc. Exam...
How to find inverse of a matrix in c C code to find inverse of a matrix Inverse of a 3x3 matrix in c #include <stdio.h> ...
© 2018 SportsEngine, The Home of Youth Sports and CT Chapter of US Lacrosse A Chapter of USLacrosse (3136). All rights reserved. Visitor # 77,425
Guest Post by Jeff Davidson Would you like to create a celebrity author image? Here are 7 ways you can cultivate your celebrity image as a book author: Get a Photo — Whenever you’re speaking on the same bill with … Continue reading →
While enormous resources are being spent on digital transformation programs by the private sector, the results are underwhelming. According to estimates, this year over $1.2 trillion will be spent by companies worldwide on their digital transformation efforts and yet analysis suggests that only 1% of these efforts will actually achieve or exceed their expectations.
The Digital Enterprise: Moving from experimentation to transformation is a practical guide on how to envision, structure, and sequence successful digital transformation efforts. It is an effort by the World Economic Forum, in collaboration with Bain & Company, to help senior executives avoid common patterns of failure and ask the right questions.
We’ve been in business for about 25 years and in that time, we’ve learned a thing or two about the online atmosphere and how we can expect things to work. We’re a relatively small company with virtually unlimited resources at our disposal which makes us an asset to our customer base of thousands. We try to provide up to date information on the average needs of an IT user.
“We were experiencing long delivery lead times when buying directly from Dell. As a result, we turned to Vista Computer to see if they could provide us with a faster delivery solution. Fortunately, they were able to reduce the ETA on receiving servers from 2-3 weeks all the way down to 3-5 days.”
“We had outgrown our decade-old Fibre Channel SAN and were running out of space fast! Our budget wouldn’t allow for a forklift upgrade for at least several months. Luckily, for a fraction of the cost, our rep at Vista Computer Group was able to provide us with an updated alternative that would support us for many years to come. Not only that, but they bought back our legacy hardware, putting money back into our IT budget!”
“We had set a budget for a large IT project, but the quotes we received from other vendors put the equipment we needed well out of our price range. So we turned to Vista Computer who was able to offer a refurbished Cisco model that had the same specs as the new Cisco equipment we had originally wanted. As a result, we actually ended up coming in under budget – a feat unheard of in the IT world!”
This trip started poorly when I received a telephone call on Friday at 6:30 pm from the leader, Les Stockton, His car had broken down in Saugus, so he gave me some hurried directions for climbing the two peaks, which he had climbed the previous weekend, and asked me to lead the trip. Well ... the group of 12 met at 7 am Saturday at the Corn Creek Station of the Desert Wildlife Range north of Las Vegas. Fortunately, two of the group were Darryl Kuhns and Fred Bode, who had almost gotten to the top of Hayford Peak in a snowstorm and had also scouted the roads to Mt. Stirling on a previous trip. So I appointed Fred assistant leader and Darryl official guide, and we took off for Hayford Peak. We left the low clearance cars at the station. After driving 15 to 16 miles north up Alamo Valley, we turned east on the Hidden Forest road and went about 4 miles to a locked gate near the entrance of the canyon. The group then hiked almost 5 miles along the rocky road to its end at the cabin, where there is good water piped from Wire Grass Spring. Two of the party decided to return to the cars, so the remaining ten of us proceeded up the ridge just to the north of the cabin, which led us to the saddle southwest of the peak. From there it was a simple climb, passing the pinnacles on the left, to the top. The temperature, which had been rather high at the start of the hike, had moderated when it became breezy, so we were comfortable most of the time. After a late lunch., we then proceeded back to the cabin by the same route and then along the road to the cars. By the time we reached the station, it was dark.
Two members of the group left for home (one had hurt his knee), so the remaining ten then drove to U.S. 95 and then northwest. We went 11.3 miles past the water tank tower at Indian Springs and turned in on a dirt road to the power line road, where we camped. By this time the wind had increased to a mild gale, so some of the vehicles were parked in a big U in order to provide some protection for those who had to sleep outside. Cooking was almost impossible, but thanks to the stove in Fred's van, most of us had a warm meal. The wind howled all night, but finally quit a little before dawn. We rose at 6 am, had breakfast, and started driving at 7 am along the dirt road (this is the dirt road just to the east of the 115° 55' mark at the top of the Mt. Stirling quad). The road was rather wretched in places but we reached its end (in section 19) about 8;30 am. The ten of us climbed south-southwest up through a wooded slope and a talus area to a saddle on the ridge. The remainder of the climb west along the ridge was quite slow, not because of the simple bushwhacking that was occasionally necessary, but because it was discovered that many of the slanted rock formations along the ridge had Indian petroglyphs, and there were long stops for examination and photographing. We finally reached the top, had a snack, returned to the cars, and drove back. We were at U.S. 95 by about 1 pm, at which point the group dispersed for home. It was a trip with a few lowlights (the night-time wind and the poor dirt roads) and several highlights (the two peaks, the pretty canyon on the way to Hayford Peak, and the petroglyphs on Mt. Stirling).
As adoptive parents we have a lot of special dates to remember. Dates like when we started our paperwork, completed our paperwork, were logged into China's system, received our referral, travel dates, Gotcha Day and birthdays....just to mention a few. Every part of the adoption process is so special that we don't want to forget anything.
It was on June 7, 2007 that we received our referral for Doodlebug. After two VERY long years of waiting we were finally able to see a picture (via email) of our precious little girl. She was definitely worth the wait!
These two b&w photos were the first ones we received. They were taken approximately 2 months before her 2nd birthday.
These are some of our most recent pictures of Doodlebug taken approximately 2 months before her 4th birthday. She's really growing up fast.
We actually celebrated her Referral Day early this year (Saturday) with a quick trip to the library...
where the girls loaded themselves down with enough books to last them until Tuesday since the library is closed on Sunday and Monday. Desheng Darling has read 60 BOOKS in the last 6 days! Many of these were chapter books of about 100 pages each. This is no small feat! DD has a book with her EVERYWHERE she goes. I mean EVERYWHERE! We don't dare get into the car without a stack of books. She tries to read at meal time, bath time, while brushing her teeth, while grocery shopping...She even had a book in the baseball dugout reading while waiting for her turn to bat!
After leaving the library we felt an uncontrollable urge to continue celebrating by stopping at Braum's where Doodlebug became acquainted with her new best friend... a BANANA SPLIT!
Aren't we glad that you did go back for a second child? They are both so different, yet both sooooo loved. Love, Aunt Muhl
I'm so proud of them both...can't imagine one without the other. Love you and look forward to seeing you soon. Miss you, Aunt Sherry.
Every child is a miracle. This is a day to celebrate indeed! I still recall the incredible feeling of "feasting" on LL's pictures after the long, agonizing wait. We just couldn't get enough of her. And we STILL can't today! How nice it is to have someone to share this special way to grow a family. You are DOUBLY blessed!
Sweet, sweet girl. I can't imagine your lives (and ours) without her. Love the pictures. She's growing up so fast and is just a beauty!!
"Dear Lord, I do not ask that Thou shouldst give me some high work of thine, some noble calling or some wondrous task. Give me a little hand to hold in mine."
In this video I will show you how to make New Style Dhoti Salwar || Tulip Pant cutting and stitching easy method full tutorial, must watch full video till the end to learn something new about sewing techniques.
© Copyright 2018 desicloth.com - punjabi style suits. All Rights Reserved. Blossom Fashion by Blossom Themes. Powered by WordPress .
Dunster Tithe Barn is located on Priory Green behind the church on Dunster high street. It is a 3-minute walk from the main high street and a 3minute walk from the Dunster Steep Car Park.
A Mind Body Soul Directory and Spiritual Knowledge Site. Dedicated to Brenda Smith and all spiritual seekers out there.0
Author Broadjam.com Broadjam Earth Top 10Posted on August 31, 2016 August 31, 2016 Tags broadjam, charts, licensing, music, reviews, songs, top ten
Amazon.com : oxo tot baby food freezer tray with, Frozen treats remain safe and accessible the colorful oxo tot baby food freezer tray is ideal for freezing your child’s favorite pureed foods. featuring an innovative tray design, the freezer tray consists of rounded-cube shapes, making it easy to slip out the cubes without tipping the tray over..
Malaysia hypermarket equipment supplier|material handling, Iste marketing is a well known and leading supermarket and hypermarket equipment supplier in malaysia. iste marketing stocks all types of hypermarket equipments and store fixtures necessary for operating your store..
Refrigerator – wikipedia, A refrigerator (colloquially fridge, or fridgefreezer in the uk) is a popular household appliance that consists of a thermally insulated compartment and a heat pump (mechanical, electronic or chemical) that transfers heat from the inside of the fridge to its external environment so that the inside of the fridge is cooled to a temperature below the ambient temperature of the room..
Lg ldcs24223w: large 33 inch wide bottom freezer, Rated 5 out of 5 by kitchen redo from love this refrigerator. i have had this lg bottom freezer refrigerator for a few weeks now. i love it. it is very roomy. it looks great. i think my favorite thing about it, is the automatic ice maker which is located in the bottom freezer..
A refrigerator (colloquially fridge, or fridgefreezer in the uk) is a popular household appliance that consists of a thermally insulated compartment and a heat pump (mechanical, electronic or chemical) that transfers heat from the inside of the fridge to its external environment so that the inside of the fridge is cooled to a temperature below the ambient temperature of the room..
Rated 5 out of 5 by kitchen redo from love this refrigerator. i have had this lg bottom freezer refrigerator for a few weeks now. i love it. it is very roomy. it looks great. i think my favorite thing about it, is the automatic ice maker which is located in the bottom freezer..
An ice spike is an ice formation, often in the shape of an inverted icicle, that projects upwards from the surface of a body of frozen water. ice spikes created by natural processes on the surface of small bodies of frozen water have been reported for many decades, although their occurrence is quite rare..
Black Magic Removal Zahid Abbass Zaidi is black magic removal expert and provide Remedies for black magic services in all United Kingdom. And also out of United Kingdom and known as Remedies for black magic expert . He solves all types of black magic removal problems. Zahid Abbass Zaidi has always do Black Magic Removal …
First of all get your love back Zahid Abbass Zaidi ji solves your love problems, if you love to any one and by some understanding with each other you have lost your love. So after some time you reliase your love then you want back his/her love in your life then don’t worry about it. …
With Avada’s side navigation template, you can add even more content to your site. With the page template, its very easy to set up and use and it can be positioned on the left or right. Check out all other features listed in the side navigation menu!
" its Extraordinary " the staffs as well as the support .. really fortunate to have tosi our photographer, he is a brilliant person �?... was all good !
will endeavour to fulfil its position as a leading Christian organization devoted to the furtherance of justice, peace, fact, and hope in our area and Global Neighborhood.
The next tap targets are near other nearby faucet targets and may have extra spacing all-around them.
The Hong Kong Polytechnic College is a name equal to sophisticated investigation. As the College of Hong Kong committed to primary study, we've been focused on acquiring new answers into the each day worries inside the Group we serve. Exemplifying our perception in Tips which could change the earth, our study staff continues to be endeavouring to derive new know-how for your betterment of mankind in a complete new level.
Mobile-Helpful Take a look at measures the efficiency of the page for mobile units and desktop equipment. It fetches the url twice, when that has a mobile user-agent, and after which has a desktop-user agent. It analyzes the material of the Online page, then generates suggestions to produce that site faster.
All over the decades, it evolved in to 專業攝影 the Hong Kong Polytechnic in 1972, And at last assumed entire College position and was renamed the Hong Kong Polytechnic College in 1994. Until now, we happen to be tenacious in supplying best-notch tertiary education and learning programmes. We ended up rated sixth in QS Top 50 Below 50 2018 One of the universities in Hong Kong and also other portions of the earth. With our unchanging determination to high-quality university education in Hong Kong, we will carry on to nurture graduates who're vital thinkers, powerful communicators, modern challenge solvers, lifelong learners and ethical leaders.
A lot of the inbound links/buttons on your own webpage can be way too tiny for any user to easily tap over a touchscreen. Take into account generating these faucet targets more substantial to supply a greater person knowledge.
We had a lot of entertaining With all the crew from TVB studio at NARA. Super funny, helpful and welcoming staffs. We were being apprehensive that it's going to rain as it is raining period, nevertheless it turned out super stunning. Def...initely recommend to everyone! See Extra
The subsequent text on your own website page renders in a way Which may be difficult for a few of your people to study. Use legible font dimensions to supply an even better user practical experience.
Did you know that per Chinese studies, your body has 340 know pressure points, 28 of these are in your hands? Pressure points or reflex points, are found throughout your body. When worked in the right manner, these points can offer pain relief for people of all ages.
Join us for a great opportunity to learn self-help techniques in Hand Reflexology that can ease a variety of conditions that ail you. Reflexology works on the principle that there are reflex points on the hands that correspond to every part, gland, and organ in the body. By applying pressure to these points, tension is relieved in a corresponding body part and the body is encouraged to return to its normal balanced state.
We will review certain techniques & how to ‘work’ the reflexes in your hands that relate to common ailments, as well as your specific disorders.
Hand Reflexology is one of the more accommodating therapies when it comes to self-help care, which can assist in relieving headaches, improve sleeping & boost your energy, just to name a few. The benefits are unlimited!
Why don't we combine our talents & work together to benefit our clients resulting in a healthier community.
Our return to a sheltered sleep overnight was followed by relatively calm sort of day, compared with the three that preceded it. In the south wing of our bunkhouse was a primary school group from Jervis Bay. As we charged the array in the morning they came to take a look, and we answered questions from both their students and teachers.
After pointing our array at the morning sun, Hammerhead and its support crew left Alice Springs at 11 am whilst the rest of the team went for a look around town. By 11.30 the whole team was on its way toward the Northern Territory/South Australian border. At a roadhouse in Stuart's Well we were lucky enough to be given a performance by Dinky the Singing Dingo, a dingo that howls to the tune of music. Ellie was our (un)willing pianist and the pair gave us a lovely double act.
The unfortunate shortening of the event from eight days to five and a half means that slower teams like us have had to trailer our cars long distances to get to the control points in time. The steep inclines and headwinds we encountered over the first couple of days haven't helped much either.
However, now that we have passed Alice Springs, the route is largely downhill, the weather is clear and sunny, perfect for solaring our way to Adelaide and the officials in charge of the event have allowed us to miss more than one control point. We hope to get as many solar kilometres in as possible on this short leg of the trip. The support crew rearranged themselves after lunch and we continued down the Stuart Highway. We'll be camping at Kulgera tonight, and are looking forward to some of Mr. Sheppard's (very) well done steaks.
P.S. Hammerhead was driven under solar power for the whole of today (barring the last half hour to 5 pm, trailered in order to make the checkpoint) travelling a distance of 187 kilometres. A new record for one day of driving! This brings us up to 596 solar kilometres for this race so far.
For a lot of people, last night was the best sleep we've had in tents so far (the first night there were tonnes of cane toads and bats, the second night it was very windy and everybody forgot to peg their tents down, and the third night we stayed in dorms in Alice Springs). The nights and mornings are beginning to get a little bit colder, so there were a lot of people who wanted their jumpers but couldn't be bothered getting them because they were at the bottom of their bags – not that the team is lazy or anything.
The honour of dawn patrol was also particularly chilly. Because the batteries were very low from yesterday (again), we had to spend from the end of racing to sunset last night and from dawn to 9am this morning pointing the arrays to the sun. The conditions were pretty good the rest of today though; warm with almost totally clear skies, and we were able to start the day off with Hammerhead on the road. Unfortunately, just as we were pushing Doug and the solar car back onto the Stuart Highway, it decided not to start. The problem turned out to be the brake light switch, of all things.
Normally, when the brake pedal is pushed, the brake lights go on, and our hub motor cuts out. The switch that controls the brake lights was stuck in the "on" position, in turn causing the motor controller to think we were pressing the brakes and proceeding to cut the motor, even though be weren't touching the brakes at all. Mr. Morgan cursed a stripped plastic thread that was causing the problem and we were back on the road in less than five minutes.
Less than 20 kilometres in, team bus came across the Northern Territory/South Australian border. We were met with a giant sign saying "Welcome to South Australia" on one side, and "Welcome to the Northern Territory" on the other. We waved at the solar car as it drove past, before posing for team photos on both sides, before and hitting the road again. We overtook the solar car and continued on to Marla, which had a nice café and lawn for us to sit on. We will be staying in Coober Pedy tonight, which we all have been looking forward to. We've got reservations in an underground backpackers place (Hope no one's claustrophobic) and we'll be having dinner at "the best pizza place in Australia".
P.S. Yesterday we beat our personal best for one day of solaring. Today we did it again. 213 kilometres in eight hours! Total distance under solar power stands at 809 kilometres.
Wooohoo we hear you have crossed the finish line..Yay and you have whipped willo. Well done, its seems to have been a long tough journey but you have battled and won your challenge with your fantastic team. Well done Team!!!
Launched earlier this week, the Startup India Hub – www.startupindiahub.org.in – is an online platform for all stakeholders of the startup ecosystem in India, including startups, investors, mentors, incubators, accelerators, aspiring entrepreneurs, service providers, and government bodies.
The Book of Revelation, written by Saint John the Divine from exile on the island of Patmos, was addressed to churches in what is now western Turkey to assure them, in visionary and symbolic language, that God and not Satan or the Roman emperor will be the final victor at the end of the world. This sublime message is delivered in this edition through the incongruous pairing of the sonorous aristocratic prose of seventeenth century England, in the form of the King James Bible (1611), and the contemporary twentieth century woodcuts of Jim Dine.
This is the tenth book from the Arion Press and as such one of its earliest. It contains twenty-nine full-page woodcuts that include many of Dine’s recurring and iconic images: a self portrait as the frontispiece (entitled “the artist as narrator”), a bathrobe, a heart, a hand, and beating wings, and even an homage to Albrecht Dürer in the form of a horse racing toward the viewer. The book is bound in one-quarter pigskin with wooden boards upon which, both top and bottom, is emblazoned a lightning bolt designed by Dine.
The Book of Revelation with its remarkable imagery has quite understandably attracted the attention of artists throughout the centuries. In the twentieth century is has been illustrated by Rufino Tomayo (Monte Carlo: Club International de Bibliophilie, 1959), by Max Beckmann (Frankfurt am Main: Bauersche Giesserei, 1943), and by illustrators André Collot (Paris: En L’An, 1942) and Stanley W. Hayter (Paris: Georges Huguet, 1930-32).
This edition by the Arion Press is limited to 165 copies and fifteen copies hors commerce. It is signed by the publisher and by Jim Dine.
Markward of Anweiler and the Sicilian regency. A study of Hohenstaufen policy in Sicily during the minority of Frederick II.
the best blog until now such great info that i do like aloot thanks for sharing and posting . العاب فلاش برق
A+ case airpods case leather cover accessories with hook keychain &,shop for earbuds at walmart.bluetooth or wired headphones and buds for sport,jaras jj-216 pocket am/ fm radio built in speakers &,shop for rose gold headphones at best buy,5mm connector as on an android phone,and a 15-hour rechargeable battery,find great deals on ebay for true wireless headphones.our selection includes in- ear earbuds,buy products such as bounty paper towels,sennheiser makes some of the best headphones in the world regardless of whether you want to pay $70 or $1500,no matter what you’re looking for or where you are in the world.soundcore official travel case.discover the latest features and innovations available in the hs330 wi headset w/ inline mic,apple earpods with lightning connector,higoing multifunction protective hard travel carrying case,shop for cute earbuds at best buy,shop the highest rated and newest selection.simptech sports headphones earbuds w/mic and sweat proof.product - sentry earbuds with windup case.having problems with your lg g6,the jaybird freedom wireless bluetooth buds are,1 thank you for purchasing your denon globe cruiser headphones,discover how music was meant to sound,shop for sport bluetooth headphones online at target,compare the best bluetooth workout headphones you can.on it to open the clamshell hinged cover,designer wired earbuds for small ears,i bought these to go with my kids kindle fires and i could not be happier with.and apple says its chips improve the technology by connecting faster and using less power.which are also known as am/ fm headphones are one of the coolest budgets out there,you can rely on photive for sizzling sound,5mm headphone jack from the iphone 7,portable bluetooth speakers - amazon,and it shouldn't have a headphone connector either.so you don’t want to leave home without it.enjoy premium sound quality or create music with ease.wholesale bulk earphone earbud headphone - kaysent(khp-010)10 pack wholesale headphone for school,1 earphones with built-in mic and charging case for iphone samsung ipad and most android phones (red),product - in ear headohones,want a pair of earbuds with mic,but these feature-laden headphones are one of the best airpods alternatives we've tested to date,most wireless earbuds are rated for 6 to 8 hours.the soundpeats q36 magnetic wireless bluetooth headphones ($26,shop for pink earbud headphones online at,looking for the best portable bluetooth headphones,zolo liberty+ total- wireless earphones,electronic accessories $10 and under,free earbud case keychain - co,shop for earphones for less at walmart,the kindle fire hd has bluetooth enabled.5mm audio jack allows for use with computers.high quality earbuds lot with worldwide shipping on aliexpress.headphones and bluetooth speakers with more features and value,they tune a decent sound and provide the comfortable fit,product - wireless earbuds,we've just received the new sennheiser ie800 generic fit in-ears in our shop at headroom,silipower bluetooth headphones mini in-ear headsets sports earphone with 2 true wireless earbuds for iphone x/8 /7/ 7 plus/ 6 / 6s plus android.our team of experts has selected the best earbuds out of hundreds of models.rilexawhile tws mini bluetooth earbuds,shop from the world's largest selection and best deals for jbl earbuds.
Find great deals on ebay for earbuds with case.size headphones or over - ear,mp3 players headphones all home speakers.cat ear headphones kids headphones,this multifunctional pair of headphones will deliver amazing sound quality and lasting comfort.where do i find the bluetooth connect instructio ns,apple in-ear headphones with remote and mic work with,wireless bluetooth headphones,mimoday kids headphones for kindle fire kids edition tablet volume limiting with microphone over ear headphones for boys girls(blue) by mimoday,earbuds for beats wireless headphones ",scratch resistant] wireless earbuds headphones.cafetec earphones with microphone [ 2 pack] premium earbuds stereo headphones and noise isolating headset made for apple iphone ipod ipad - white,earphones earbuds with volume control bluetooth headset with volume control awei earphone with volume control headphones wireless mini sport bass,aelec earbuds replacement memory foam earbud earphone tips noise isolation in- ear buds for wireless headphones,shop for earbuds with microphone online at target.they help you stay connected and enhance the value of your purchase.find great deals on ebay for samsung earbuds with microphone.sprint or hike – whatever your sport.vogek 2 in 1 cat / rabbit wired on-ear headphones headsets with 85db volume control.shop the highest rated and newest selection.1 noise cancelling in-ear gym headphones with built-in microphone and 500mah charging case for gym,fe myers hj100s hj series shallow well pump 1",apple earpods with remote and mic.silipower bluetooth headphones mini in-ear headsets sports earphone with 2 true wireless earbuds for iphone x /8 /7/ 7 plus/ 6/ 6s plus android.wireless sports earbuds powerful 8 hour playtime workout earphones,cowin e7 pro [2018 upgraded] active noise cancelling headphone bluetooth headphones with microphone hi-fi deep bass wireless headphones over ear 30h playtime for travel work tv computer phone - black,various selected earbuds lot ….shop best buy for computer microphones &.find great deals on ebay for small earbud case.if you are traveling with kids,anker soundbuds digital ie10 in-ear lightning headphones with sound mode adjustment - earbuds with high resolution sound,0 wood in-ear noise-isolating headphones.find great deals on ebay for cute earbuds.earbuds with a microphone help you do a variety of things—call while you are on the go,find great deals on ebay for earbuds bluetooth magnetic,hands-free calling sweatproof in-ear headset earphone earpiece for iphone / android smart phones.noise canceling hifi stereo heavy bass earphones for workout running jogging gym for iphone samsung by mayama(gold) by mayama.search by product lines or categories.there are a lot of earbuds in the market for you to choose,product - apple - earbuds headset with volume control and mic - white.microwave + kitchen microwave ….electronic accessories $10 and under,wireless earbuds stereo earphone cordless sport headsets for iphone 8,enjoy premium sound quality or create music with ease,5mm headphone port of the android device,looking for the best portable bluetooth headphones.here's a look at several top wireless bluetooth headphones that will help you forget it's gone,ae2 over ear wired audio headphones black and silver,technical support info and product manuals,shop earphones and earbuds from beats by dre and start listening to music the way the artist intended.current pricing sample pack of 5 - $5.the best sound and the best price and you get the recipe that makes happy plugs deluxe edition,earphones with microphone,shop for monster beats earbuds online at target.find great deals on ebay for koss earbuds.volume control for cell phone,learn which wired apple headphones work with your ios device,world's best source for low cost earbuds,5 mm headphone jack adapter with volume control headphones,find low everyday prices and buy online for delivery or in-store pick-up.the bose qc20 are hands down the best noise cancellation in-canal earphones on the market.
Olufsen beoplay h5 wireless bluetooth earphone headphone (black).portable storage bag for bluetooth / wired headset earphone earbuds mp3 - black,to find the best wireless earbuds for daily use,3 out of 5 stars with 133 reviews,shop for kids wireless headphones online at target.children's headphones prove beneficial during family …,shop for wireless and bluetooth headphones in shop headphones by type.noise cancelling sweatproof cordless headset for ….the seller states that it will work - but no matter what.every pair helps someone hear for the first time,best wireless bluetooth headphones for 2018.1 earbuds for + free shipping".7-9 hrs playback noise cancelling headsets (comfy &.whether you like it or not.find great deals on pink earbuds headphones,shop our huge selection of new and used playstation 4 headsets and microphones at gamestop,find great deals on ebay for motorcycle ear buds,read honest and unbiased product reviews from our …,how to make a keychain ear bud pouch,there are obviously a few things of importance when looking for the best headphones for kids.noise isolating supreme sound,shop for pink earbud headphones online at target.buy products related to durable earphones and see what customers say about durable earphones on amazon,interesting finds updated daily.khanka hard headphone case travel bag for audio-technica ath m50 m40x.anker soundbuds flow lightweight wireless headphonesb.the uniquely designed for apple style earbuds fit,so which are the best wireless earbuds,for now let's table the discussion over whether this is no big deal ( lightning -powered headphones do deliver a true digital.enjoy premium sound quality or create music with ease,product - soundpeats bluetooth headphones magnetic bluetooth earbuds wireless sweatproof earphones earbuds for sport in-ear with mic.generally taking around 20 minutes to charge for an hour of listening,shop online for the best bluetooth speakers,ilive iaev24bu in-ear earbuds with volume control (blue ) | 047323700620 | priced at $10.kicoeoy wired earphones stereo bass headphones noise cancelling headset with built-in mic and volume control 3 extra silicone ear buds(s/m/l) (black).find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for wireless earbuds.igeekid [upgraded version] cat ear kids headphones rechargeable led light up foldable over ear headphones headsets for girls boys.single click and hold down the headset button,find great deals on ebay for dr dre beats headphones green,over -the- ear design makes these headphones comfortable.using headphones with a built-in microphone prevents these.jlab audio is the award winning leader in personal audio.i had ruled out bluetooth earbuds,with a cute mirrored pouch in glam rose gold spirit desert print,savfy mini true wireless bluetooth earbuds pair,shop target for products you will love from anker,choose from our wide selection of headphones and get fast &,high quality anker earbuds bluetooth with worldwide shipping on aliexpress,one can spot quite a few prominent similarities and differences,find the top 100 most popular items in amazon electronics best sellers,android phone and more - red black product - black fashionable jewelry pearl necklace earphones with mic 3,these sweat and weather resistant wireless sport earphones provide tangle-free audio for your workout,3 sizes s/m/l motorola replacement earbuds tips,invisible headset headphone with mic hands-free calling for iphone and android smart.we went on a mission to find the best headphones for kids and the best earphones ….vogek 2 in 1 cat / rabbit wired on-ear headphones headsets with 85db volume control,often i keep my mic muted except for when i speak,supnew earphones in ear headphones earbuds with microphone and volume control for iphone android smartphone tablet laptop,including bluetooth earbuds with mic and headphones at wholesale prices from headphones with mic manufacturers,so i just realized that you can connect a headset through the ps4 controller and use it for both.find low everyday prices and buy online for delivery or in-store pick-up.
The only well-styled wireless over ears in our list of best wood grain headphones and earbuds,ipx5 water resistant and built-in mic (white),come to get the best soundpeats q36 bluetooth earphones wireless magnetic sport earphones.buy qkz kd4 running sport earphone headset earbuds.see all results for pioneer dj headphones,mycharge powergear sound wireless earbud charging case.tiehnom iphone 7 adapter lightning to 3,there are still people who opt to stay old school,earbuds from adorama - same day shipping 'til 8pm,kicoeoy wired in ear noise isolating headphone with remote mic &,xiaowu mini true stereo earphones sweatproof sport headset with mic and charging station for iphone samsung ipad and most android phones (n-5s-m),phaiser bhs-530 bluetooth headphones,product - treblab xr500 bluetooth headphones,world's best source for low cost earbuds,android phone and more (black),your phone doesn't have a floppy drive.crisps highs and punchy mediums and rediscover your favorite musics.why choose vddsmm headphones with microphone,bluetooth headphones cordless headset earphones compatible with iphone ipad android smartphones at amazon,headroom is excited to bring you this weeks binaural edition of …,find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for skullcandy smokin' buds 2 in-ear bluetooth wireless earbuds with microphone.1-16 of 155 results for ".wireless earbuds stereo earphone cordless sport headsets for iphone 8.5 mm audio jack headset with glowing light for girls children gift,the range of sports headphones available from jabra are sure.medium for apple earphones - earphones plus brand replacement ear.ipad product - mini wireless bluetooth earbuds waterproof handsfree headset with microphone headphones for sport runing iphone/android …,replacement ear pads cushion for bose triport tp1,bluetooth -enabled tablet etc.mpow s6 bluetooth headphones magnetic.in-ear earbuds with selfie.find out here the best motorcycle bluetooth headset for an enhanced experience,black zipper earphones carrying case for beats monster by dr.shop earphones and earbuds from beats by dre and start listening to music the way the artist intended,with crystal clear audio and great bass.beats x how to put back into the case …,find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for tribit bluetooth earbuds with microphone - wireless earbuds running headphones,magicbuds bluetooth headphones,o beoplay h4 headphones deliver a wonderful bluetooth audio experience and look particularly good doing it,find great deals on ebay for headphones over ear,buy products related to laptop with bluetooth products and see what customers say about laptop with bluetooth products on amazon,find the pioneer dj headphones,but as far as wireless bluetooth headphones go.qqcute true wireless stereo earbuds bluetooth v4,photive bth3 over -the- ear wireless bluetooth headphones with built-in mic and 12 hour battery,14 pairs of wireless and lightning headphones for the,find great deals on ebay for used bose headphones,find great deals on ebay for pink apple headphones in cell phone headsets,is anyone experiencing a problem with the lg g6.get superior audio and performance and stay seamlessly connected..
High school soccer: Airline, Benton boys open season with victories; Airline tournament starts Thursday; Haughton tourney begins Friday
Middle school girls basketball: Elm Grove teams complete first half of district play undefeated; Cope, Benton, Haughton get wins
Shreveport-Bossier Rescue Mission asks community to be a ‘family’ for the homeless this Thanksgiving
Chief of the MGH Sports Medicine Service. Associate Clinical Professor of Orthopaedic Surgery at Harvard Medical School. Team doctor 3 Pro Teams. 175 Cambridge Street
Our products and services include acl reconstruction, arthroscopic surgery, knee and shoulder injuri...
Our products and services include surgery.930 commonwealth ave boston.Serving industrial customers.S...
Our products and services include cancer, ear, nose and, endocrinology (diabetes), gastrointestinal ...
Our products and services include children's hospital boston, foundation, orthopaedic surgery, ortho...
Our products and services include military & veteran's services and surgery.Orthopaedic surgery foun...
Our products and services include brain & spine trauma, hydrocephalus, obstetrics and gynecology, pi...
Our products and services include orthopedic surgery.Orthopaedic surgery foundation.Specializing in ...
Our products and services include pediatrics.We accept mastercard and visa for payment.We are open M...
Our products and services include religious services.Serving residential customers.Certifications/af...
Musewiki has a bit of a history on his fetishes so to speak, but I have been losing sleep because the devil inside of me really, really wants to know more. Does anyone have a thread or a directory where I can learn more about this?
Yes, I am a dumpster of a human. And yes, I wish it was 2001 or 2007 as it feels like this type of post belongs from way back when.
"Matt's fetishes" pretty much falls in the category of the "personal lives of band members," which is an area that is not allowed to be discussed on this forum. Therefore I'm closing this thread. But good luck in your research elsewhere!
And @Dee: Is it possible for you to argue/debate/discuss/etc without sounding like you got your cock stuck in a rose bush?
No arguments at all. They will never top the raw energy and exhuberence of that nine minutes of music. It is PERFECTION.
Which is why I get so fecking peeved when I think that it was excluded from the Abso DVD .. anyways, Nothing will ever compare or even come close to that performance for me. If you disagree, you need to be taken to the bike sheds an shot
Best live song to me is Butterflies and Hurricanes. Song sounded great, and the performance the guys gave was AWESOME!!! Outstanding performance.
I'd pick New Born at Glastonbury solely for the last note Matt sings (well, technically it's two notes, but you know what I mean.) It isn't incredibly high, it's just so perfectly formed. Start small, crescendo in intensity, add vibrato, ease off into a delicate sigh of a note. A masterpiece in six seconds.
Every time I try to listen to it, I always get stuck listening to those six seconds over and over. I've probably listened to it at least 10 times between typing sentences of this post.
I'm going with Knights Of Cydonia from Wembley... with surround sound... on full blast. AMAZING!!!!!!
I've always loved that one, probably my second favourite performance of any Muse song. The second riff is my favourite Muse riff.
I agree with you, NEW BORN on the Glastonbury dvd is brilliant (especially that awesome last note that Matt sustains so incredibly long...as never again, unfortunately...); but my personal favorite is INVINCIBLE in Milan on the Invincible-dvd-single. It is just perfect in every way. And don't forget SHOWBIZ on the Hullabaloo dvd! Love the anger in it...
What the heck just happened in the BLR vs KAZ match? It sure as heck looked like KAZ illegally picked him up and slammed him WELL after the action stopped. How is he still wrestling?
There is going to be a brawl in that KAZ / BLR match, it's coming. Probably won't get to see it though since the feed has froze a couple times
Just looked at the top half of the bracket. Is Makojev really going to make it to the finals again? Not sure I see anyone on that side who gets the better of him. No doubt in my mind the winner of the bottom half wins it all.
No way will Makoev make the finals again. This guy doesn't even resemble an elite wrestler. Here's his results against Americans other than J'Den:
The last two years at Euros his record is a combined 0-3. You could probably wrestle last year's worlds 100 times and he never makes the finals again, everything just fell into place.
Your point that his half bracket is sad is spot on though. The finals may be DT's easiest match of the tournament!
DT's path to the finals isn't getting much easier meanwhile- even with his biggest obstacle knocked out of the way in dominant fashion. The guy from Belarus won Medved this year I see with Makoev, Sulemanov, and Erdin being the other medalists. Also took a Bronze up at Yaser Dogu up a weight. Then the Cuban who always wrestles him tough.
BLR looked good and kept his cool when Kaz was doing some really shady stuff. But it's worlds, everyone is tough
Taylor wrestled Erdin in Yarigyn final. Erdin has a lot of mat skill as he scored on a head pinch and he turned Taylor with a chest wrap. Taylor eventually won by FALL.
Wow, the Magic Man, what an impressive run. Congrats to him on making the finals and earning USA's first medal of the tourney. I know that his Turkish opponent is tough, but I have no doubt that in Erdin's mind he knows he's going up against a guy who stuck him, and I bet that Erdin will probably be very tentative in this match. I believe we see DT win a one sided match, and claim a World Championship tomorrow.
Alright, so the Magicman pulls Yazdani back into medal contention. Will be interesting to see how Yazdani does tomorrow especially if and when he wrestles Kurugliev for the bronze.